[TSLA_Q2_2023] How did Tesla’s solar ambitions (e.g., Solar Roof targets from 2019–2021) translate into actual deployments through 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #131] [PLAN]
     We want to thank our customers, utilities and grid operators for trusting us with these projects.
     On the Autobidder question, we continue to grow Autobidder contracts in wholesale markets like Australia, Texas, UK and California with over 6 gigawatt hours under Tesla’s dispatch next year.
     In the UK, our projects performed best in the industry in Q2.
     Autobidder does have software margins and is an enabler for hardware sales, but it’s a relatively small contributor to revenues, given how much deployment growth on the Megapack hardware side is occurring.
     It’s important to remember that these large projects – these large capital projects have lifetimes of 20 years of recurring revenues on an annualized basis relative to upfront CapEx are small.
     On the residential side, we have some fun things happening.
     We recently surpassed 0.5 million Powerwalls installed.
>>> Just this week, we are launching Charge on Solar, which allows Tesla Powerwall and vehicle customers to charge their vehicles using their excess solar and drive only on the sunshine that hits their roof.
     Yesterday, we began paying customers in Texas for participating in our virtual power plant to provide grid support to ERCOT.
     We expect these credits to lower our median customer’s annual bill by a third and to increase these credits over time as ERCOT expands market access.
     And today, we are expanding Tesla electric enrollment to new Model 3 owners in Texas, followed by all Texas vehicle customers over the rest of the quarter.
     Unfortunately and somewhat similar to Tesla Insurance, bringing Tesla electric and BPP capabilities to our customers requires working through a fractured regulatory environment on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis.
     In the long run, the value of residential energy software and hardware will be driven by the level of market access that utilities, market operators and regulators permit.
     For Powerwall that’s eligible to provide the full stack of energy services, like peaker capacity and system buffering, such as in Australia, we can more than double the value of ownership relative to a typical system today.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
-----

Total context windows: 1
