[WHAT CHANGED SINCE LAST QUARTER] AMZN: AWS growth and generative AI infrastructure investment

Quarters compared: AMZN_Q3_2025, AMZN_Q4_2025
Source transcripts:
  - AMZN_Q3_2025: transcript_amzn-q3-2025.html
  - AMZN_Q4_2025: transcript_amzn-q4-2025.html
Change detected: True

In the prior quarter, management emphasized AWS growth drivers tied to enterprise cloud migration and the enabling of agentic/genAI use cases, plus the scalability and performance/price advantages of AI infrastructure. In the current quarter, the framing shifts toward longer-term monetization and operational impact, explicitly linking AI infrastructure investment to revenue/backlog conversion and acknowledging margin headwinds from AI CapEx/depreciation, while reiterating confidence in strong returns on invested capital. The specific reported datapoint that “AWS is 35% operating margin through Q4… up 40 basis points year over year” adds quantification not present in the prior period.

--- Evidence (with surrounding context) ---
1. [AMZN_Q3_2025] There is not anything else like it, it's changing their time frame and their receptivity to building agents, and it's very compelling for them. So I do think the combination of what we're doing to enable agents to be built and run securely and scalably as well as some of the agents that we're building ourselves that our customers are excited about are compelling for them. And I think the other place we see a lot of growth in AWS also is just the number of enterprises who are -- who have gotten back to moving from on-premises infrastructure to the cloud. And we continue to earn the lion's share of those transformations. And I look at the momentum we have right now, and I believe that we can continue to grow at a clip like this for a while.

2. [AMZN_Q3_2025] And it's not simple to be able to build a cluster that has 500,000 plus chips going to 1 million. That's an infrastructure feet that's hard to do at scale. And so some piece of it is the infrastructure capabilities that we've built over a long period of time in AWS that is unusual in the industry. But it's just also the performance of the chip and the price performance, both of which matter. And I think that Project Rainier is something that is specific for anthropic, but we have a lot of other customers who are interested in employing large clusters of Trainium chips that we're going to hopefully give them a chance to do so with Trainium3.

3. [AMZN_Q4_2025] And we are also seeing a long arc of additional revenue that we see from other customers and backlog and commitments of people are anxious to make with us, especially for AI services. So you can see that it's working out its way into our P&L both through CapEx and also through our operating margin in AWS. AWS is 35% operating margin through Q4, up 40 basis points year over year. Just talked about before that is going to fluctuate over time. It certainly has a headwind from the investments in AI and the depreciation on that CapEx.

4. [AMZN_Q4_2025] So they've always been a very important big customer but always a very small fraction of the total and that's true today in AI as well as the overall AWS business. You know, on internally, we have all sorts of ways that we are using AI. We have over a thousand AI applications that we've either deployed or in the process of building, and they range from our shopping assistant in Rufus that we were just talking about to Alexa Plus, which is a really large scale generative AI application. To applications in our fulfillment network that allow us to have more forecasting predictions to how we do customer in our customer service chatbot to how we are making it much easier for brands to create advertisements and to optimize all their campaigns or across the full funnel of advertising options we have. To, you know, in live sports, you watch Thursday night football, can see you know, defense of alerts which predict which player is gonna blitz or, you know, pocket health.

5. [AMZN_Q4_2025] And then I think the companies that have not just the excellence and infrastructure but also the component that give them it'll give customers better price performance and give those companies themselves better economics are going to have advantaged financials. And I think if you look we're already off to a really good start having Traneum underneath some majority of our bedrock service and that's not just giving customers better prices but it also gives us better economics. So we see that following the same sorts of patterns we saw in the early days of our core AWS investment. I'm very confident we're gonna have strong return on invested capital here.

6. [AMZN_Q4_2025] You know, the vast majority of our the capital that we spend and the capacity that we have consumed by external customers. We have all Amazon.com, Inc. has always been a very large AWS customer, very helpful AWS customer because they're very demanding and they use the services very expansively and stretch the limits as we launch things. So they've always been a very important big customer but always a very small fraction of the total and that's true today in AI as well as the overall AWS business. You know, on internally, we have all sorts of ways that we are using AI. We have over a thousand AI applications that we've either deployed or in the process of building, and they range from our shopping assistant in Rufus that we were just talking about to Alexa Plus, which is a really large scale generative AI application.

7. [AMZN_Q4_2025] If you think about our chips and our hardware and networking gear and how we've invented and power that this isn't some sort of quixotic top line grab. You know, we have confidence that these investments will yield strong returns on invested capital. We've done that with our core AWS business. I think that will very much be true here as well and I think some of the things that you will see over time in the AI space is you're gonna keep seeing all the inference services, which is gonna be the majority of the long-term AI workloads is gonna be inference. You're gonna see the inference keep getting optimized.

8. [AMZN_Q4_2025] So we are gonna invest aggressively here, and we are gonna invest to be the leader in this space as we have been for the last number of years. We have, I think, a fair bit of experience over the years in AWS of forecasting demand signals and doing it in such a way that we don't have a lot of wasted capacity and that we also have enough capacity to serve the demand that's there. And I think we've also proven with AWS over the years how we build data centers, how we run them, and how we invent in there. If you think about our chips and our hardware and networking gear and how we've invented and power that this isn't some sort of quixotic top line grab. You know, we have confidence that these investments will yield strong returns on invested capital.

9. [AMZN_Q4_2025] You know, we have confidence that these investments will yield strong returns on invested capital. We've done that with our core AWS business. I think that will very much be true here as well and I think some of the things that you will see over time in the AI space is you're gonna keep seeing all the inference services, which is gonna be the majority of the long-term AI workloads is gonna be inference. You're gonna see the inference keep getting optimized. You're going to see higher utilization on those services.

Total evidence entries: 9

DocuLens v2.7.177 · by Luciano Rahal
