[D_Q2_2024_transcript [Transcript]] contracted data center demand; connected

1. [Sentence #143] [PLAN]
     As I've said before, we're ramping into the very substantial and growing multi-decade utility investment required to address resiliency and decarbonization public policy goals plus the very robust demand growth we're observing in real time across our system.
     This growth has been recognized by third parties.
     As just one example, Virginia was recently named America's top state for business in 2024.
     This was Virginia's record sixth time at the top of CNBC's rankings and its third win in five years, a record unmatched by any other state since the study began in 2007.
     For full-year 2024, we expect DEV sales growth to be between 4.5% to 5.5%, driven by economic growth, electrification and accelerating data center expansion.
     It's worth noting that in July, we registered six new all-time peak demand records and just as we expect, our customers likely had no idea of these demanding load conditions given the high-quality operational performance delivered by our colleagues.
     The data center industry continues to grow in Virginia.
>>> We've connected nine new data centers year-to-date through July, consistent with our expectations to connect 15 data centers in 2024.
     Since 2013, we've averaged around 15 data center connections per year.
     However, growth is accelerating in orders of magnitude, driven by the number of requests, the size of each facility and the acceleration of each facility's ramp schedule to reach full capacity.
     We're taking the steps necessary to ensure our system remains resilient and reliable.
     We had accelerated plans for new 500kv transmission lines and other infrastructure in Northern Virginia, and that remains on track.
     We were awarded over 150 electric transmission projects totaling $2.5 billion during the PJM open window last December.
     PJM's latest open window, which commenced on July 15th is anticipated to be equal to or greater in investment needs as the RTO looks to accommodate data center growth both in Northern Virginia and beyond with additional transmission upgrades.
     We're working expeditiously with PJM, the SCC, local officials and other stakeholders to fast track critical projects.
-----

Total context windows: 1
