[TSLA_Q4_2021] battery; autopilot

1. [Sentence #24] [PLAN]
     Lastly, thanks to $5.5 billion of GAAP net income in 2021, our accumulated profitability since the inception of the Company became positive, which I think makes us a real company at this point.
     This is a critical milestone for the Company.
     So, after an exceptional year, we shift our focus to the future, Texas and Berlin.
     So, we've begun production at both Texas and Berlin, we started that last quarter.
     But that's not the most important thing.
     We focus more on when we get to volume production and when can we deliver cars to customers.
     But I think it is worth noting that we -- and as the internet has observed, we've been making quite a few cars in Texas and Berlin, so -- in Austin and Berlin.
>>> So, in Texas, we're building the Model Ys with the structural battery pack and the 4680 cells, and we’ll start delivering after final certification of the vehicle, which should be fairly soon.
     Capacity expansion will continue through maximizing output of each factory and building new factories and new locations in the future.
     Although we're not ready to announce any new locations on this call, but we will through 2022, look at new locations and probably be able to announce new locations towards the end of this year, I expect.
     In 2022, supply chain will continue to be the fundamental limiter of output across all factories.
     So, the chip shortage, while better than last year, is still an issue.
     And yes, so that's -- there are multiple supply chain challenges.
     And last year was difficult to predict and hopefully, this year will be smooth sailing, but I'm not sure what you do for an encore to 2021, 2020.
     Nonetheless, we do expect significant growth in 2022 over 2021, comfortably above 50% growth in 2022.
-----
2. [Sentence #445] [UNCERTAIN]
     So, if you have a $50,000 car, it's like having a $10,000 car all of a sudden, but maybe better than that because still you don't want to drive.
     So the person can be engaged in productivity or amusement instead of having to onerously drive through traffic.
     So, it's probably better than 5 times, I don't know.
     Yes.
     I mean, basically, if the cost of our cars do not change at all, we would still sell as many as we could possibly make.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     And the next question comes from Pierre Ferragu from New Street Research.
>>> Pierre Ferragu

I wanted to come back on battery.
     So, it's great to hear on one hand that you guys expect to sell like the first car with 4680 this quarter and at the same time that you don't really depend on that ramp to achieve your -- what you hope to achieve in terms of significant volume growth this year.
     And the question I had is I understand well the ramp of 4680 internally.
     But I'd be curious to hear you talk about how you think about 4680 as being a form factor that your suppliers could adopt as well.
     And how you see in the long run, in the greater scheme of things, what does 4680 become?
     Is it going to be outside of Tesla the largest form factor for batteries?
     Is it something that you guys are going to deploy in all cars, whatever the chemistry also in the Megapack, in all your energy storage business?
     And do you expect eventually a lot of other companies to use that form factor as well?
-----
3. [Sentence #87] [PLAN]
     Yes, I was touring the factory -- the cell factory here.
     I’m super pumped.
     It’s like a really exciting accomplishment for us to bring everything into one Austin factory here in Texas.
     Elon Musk

Absolutely.
     And just to repeat Drew's point, we are still -- we still expect to be part or primarily chip-limited this year.
     So, that's the thing that's actually the driver.
     And that chip limitation should alleviate next year.
>>> And then probably, we transition into a cell limitation battery, total gigawatt-hours of cell limitation, which is when the 4680 will become very important.
     Andrew Baglino

Agreed.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     And now, Zach has some opening remarks as well.
     Elon Musk

Long opening remarks.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes.
     Thanks, Martin.
     As Elon mentioned, 2021 was a financially transformative year for the Company.
-----
4. [Sentence #262] [UNCERTAIN]
     I think, -- look at the big picture -- you initially always want to increase capacity at one factory because your logistics cost of transporting cars needs to be considered, especially as the cars become more affordable, you want to have factories that are not like thousands of miles away from the customers.
     So, even if you could increase output, it may not actually be the smart thing to do.
     So, in the U.S. with, for example, with Giga Texas, I mean, coming up, we would want to deliver, say, Model Ys that are going to the eastern two-thirds of the United States from this factory.
     The logistics costs are going to be much less.
     But we will continue to increase output in Fremont and in -- at Giga Nevada and Shanghai.
     And as I said at the beginning of the call, this -- 2022 is the year we will be looking at factory locations to see what makes the most sense, possibly with some announcement by the end of this year.
     Yes.
>>> Martin Viecha

And the next question is, what are the biggest obstacles for Cybertruck volume production besides battery shortage?
     Elon Musk

Batteries will probably not be the limiting factor in Cybertruck production.
     There's a lot of new technology in the Cybertruck that will take some time to work through.
     And then, there's a question of like, what's the average cost of Cybertruck and to what degree is that affordable?
     There's -- you can make something infinitely desirable.
     But if it's not affordable, that will constrain people's ability to buy it because they don't have the money.
     I worry more about like how do we the Cybertruck affordable despite having awesome technology.
     That's the thing that will really set the rate.
-----

Total context windows: 4
