[TSLA_Q4_2024] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #337] [PLAN]
     So, when you consider, OK, there's more people leaving truck driving as a profession than entering it, well, we're going to have a real logistics problem as time goes by.
     So, autonomy will be very important to meet that need.
     So, like, yes, it will -- I don't know.
     It's a several billion a year opportunity, which I don't know in this context.
     These days, does several billion a year matter?
     I think it does.
     It's not nothing.
     It's probably -- it might displace a $10 billion a year thing.
     That's $1 billion a month at some point probably.
     But all this is going to pale in comparison to Optimus.
     So, yes, $1 billion a month is a lot but it's not it's going to be like 1% of Optimus.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much.
     We already covered the next question in opening remarks, so moving on.
     Is it expected that Tesla that will need to upgrade Hardware 3 vehicles?
>>> And if so, what is the timeline and expected impact to Tesla's capex?
     I think they're referring to cost there.
     Lars Moravy -- Vice President, Vehicle Engineering

They're really asking the tough questions, aren't they?
     Vaibhav Taneja -- Chief Financial Officer

I guess we haven't started working on Hardware 3 yet.
     We are still making software releases.
     We released the 12.6 release recently, which was like a baby V13, but it's a significant improvement compared to what they had previously.
     People are still finding ways to distill larger models in the smaller models.
     So, we're not giving up on Hardware.
     We're still working on it.
     Just will trail the Hardware 4 releases.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thanks.
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

I mean, I think the honest answer is that we're going to have to upgrade people's Hardware 3 computer for those that have bought full self-driving, and that is the honest answer and that's going to be painful and difficult but we'll get it done.
     Now I'm kind of glad that not that many people bought the FSD package.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Thanks, Elon.
     The next question, has Tesla given up on ramping their solar roof product?
-----

Total context windows: 1
