[TSLA_Q3_2022] How did the output capacity of Tesla’s Gigafactories change from 2020 to 2024, and did it match the capacity projections shared in earnings calls?

1. [Sentence #55] [PLAN]
     The Board generally thinks that it makes sense to do a buyback.
     But we want to work through the right process to do a buyback, but it’s certainly possible for us to do a buyback on the order of $5 billion to $10 billion, even in the downside scenario next year, even -- given if next year is a very difficult year, we still have the ability to do a $5 billion to $10 billion buyback.
     This is obviously pending Board review and approval.
     So, it’s likely that we’ll do some meaningful buyback.
     So, in conclusion, while the market themes revolve around the short term, it’s very important to focus on the long term.
     I can’t emphasize this enough with investors and I think long-time investors, obviously recognize it with Tesla.
     You have your sort of local ups and downs, but long-term trend has been extremely good.
>>> And several years ago, I said, I think on an earnings call, and I thought it was possible for Tesla to be worth more than Apple, which was then the highest market cap company, I think, in the market.
     And Apple at that time, I think it was around $700 billion.
     And I said it required incredible execution, at least some luck, and we did indeed achieve that.
     Tesla went, in fact, or passed Apple’s market cap at the time.
     And now, I’m of the opinion that we can far exceed Apple’s current market cap.
     In fact, I see a potential path for Tesla to be worth more than Apple and Saudi Aramco combined.
     So, now that doesn’t mean it will happen or that will be easy.
     In fact, I think it will be very difficult.
-----
2. [Sentence #209] [UNCERTAIN]
     And these would sell -- I don’t want to say the exact prices, but they’re much more than a passenger vehicle.
     So, with a few thousand heavy trucks of this nature, it would be worth several Model Ys.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question is, what is the progress of the 4680 cell ramp?
     And what factors determine whether vehicles get 2170s versus 4680 cells?
     And how will that change in the next year?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes, ramp is going well, as Elon said.
>>> Total output is up 3x quarter-over-quarter, and production is tracking to exceed 1,000 car cells per week this quarter, as we said last quarter.
     Our focus is now shifting from 100% ramp to cost and further expanding production capacity in North America, as Elon also mentioned.
     On the 2170 versus 4680, in our factories, we really attempt to minimize factory complexity and product changeover while still making sure we get enough new product into the field to learn how it is performing.
     And that sort of mix is going to shift as 4680 scales here and the overall factory ramp proceeds in Texas.
     Elon Musk

Right.
     Basically, production of 4680 ramp is growing exponentially.
     And yes, it’s going well.
     We’re just looking at this -- just going to be a major pack in the future.
-----

Total context windows: 2
