[TSLA_Q1_2022] model-y cost tesla 2020-2024

1. [Sentence #23] [PLAN]
     Higher pricing continues to positively impact our financials as we make progress delivering cars and our growing backlog.
     Note that, for most vehicles, our delivery wait times are quite long.
     Thus, cars delivered in Q1 generally carried pricing set in prior quarters and at levels lower than cars being ordered today.
     Our per unit vehicle cost increased as well.
     Inflation, raw material prices, expedite and logistics costs continues to impact our cost structure.
     Factory shutdowns also occurred with little to no notice.
     Hence, we are unable to take action to plan those interruptions in a cost-efficient manner.
>>> Additionally, we saw a slight mix shift towards more profitable vehicles, including the Model Y.
     We also recognized a onetime benefit of $288 million from credit revenue relating to a regulatory change in the U.S. CAFE penalty, without of which credit revenue would have declined compared to the same period last year.
     The energy business has continued to be impacted by macro conditions, more severely than the vehicle business.
     Our storage products, our need of chip supply and new import processes have impacted supply of certain components for our solar systems, which is reflected in our solar volume for the quarter.
     OpEx as a percentage of revenue continues to reduce, driven by higher revenue, lower stock-based comp expense and other items.
     As a result of our ongoing improvements in operating leverage, we achieved a record operating margin of over 19%.
     Note that commissioning costs for our factories are in R&D as Berlin started production in late March and Austin in early April.
     These costs will be in automotive costs going forward, given these factories are now producing customer sellable cars.
-----
2. [Sentence #246] [PLAN]
     Well, actually, maybe not S/X, but 3/Y.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     At what rate do you expect Berlin and Austin to ramp relative to Shanghai?
     Are you able to leverage learnings from Shanghai, or are the processes substantially different in the new factories?
     Elon Musk

Ramp production faster than Shanghai because we have learned a lot.
     And we’ve now gone through the -- we have basically veteran teams that obviously in the 3/Y ramp -- Y ramp especially in multiple locations.
     And we’re obviously sharing what we’ve learned.
>>> And so, we don’t want to get complacent or entitled, but this should be a faster ramp because we have learned more, and we have done a lot to simplify the production prices of Model Y that should lead us to a faster ramp within Texas and Berlin.
     Yes.
     Andrew Baglino

But we also had a structural casting, about 30% less robots, we expect to almost double the capacity for body, for example, reducing the number of robots, but doubling our capacity in a lot of areas.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     Right.
     The body line for the structural pack is -- and if you got a structural pack and front and rear castings, the body shop size drops by over 60% relative to the standard way of making a car.
     Andrew Baglino

[Technical Difficulty] general assembly or everything else because, we have the structural battery, the floor is the battery.
     We put the seats on the battery and then we put that in the cars.
-----

Total context windows: 2
