[TSLA_Q1_2020] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #280] [PILOT]
     Elon Musk

It could be a hell of a product.
     So we just have to – Tesla have potentially to whether we continue on the product front.
     So we're going to make sure, we got a lot of ice in the fire here, for new products with the Cybertruck, Semi, new Roadster and the Gigafactories in various parts of the world and Model Y, Autopilot and the Solar Roof and…

Zachary Kirkhorn

New technologies.
     Elon Musk

Yeah, exactly.
     Powerwall, Powerpack, Megapack.
     We are seeing tremendous demand for stationary storage, more than we can supply, at least for 2020.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
>>> And the last question from the retailers, when will Tesla start acquiring utilities like Hornsdale Power Reserve and most lending instead of selling them battery storage?
     Does it make sense for Tesla to buy bigger plants and convert them?
     Elon Musk

Well, we haven't really thought about that yet.
     It's not out of the question, but our brand is full.
     Excuse me, sir, our brand is full.
     That's not out of the question.
     Our overarching goal is to help accelerate the advent of sustainable energy.
     And the three elements of that are sustainable power generation, then you've got to store the power, stationary storage.
-----
2. [Sentence #203] [PILOT]
     There's also a tremendous amount of untapped potential in the beat out there that could upgrade to turn on Autopilot -- basic Autopilot or Full Self-Driving.
     And that's something we will enable just as simple in our purchase or as we talked about earlier, just towards the end of the year, as a subscription.
     So that's just a lot of untapped potential there.
     That's not in the deferred revenue line, obviously, but it's certainly a great deal deferred potential that we think is a large portion, which is likely to reach fruition.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     And now let's go through the questions from retail investors.
     Question number one, Elon has mentioned a 50% compound annual growth target for Tesla in the past.
>>> Is this still in line with Tesla's ambitions for the next five to 10 years?
     This would be 4 million vehicles in 2025 and more than 20 million vehicles in 2030.
     Is 40% or more realistic target?
     Elon Musk

Well, it's always difficult to predict what the macro situation is going to be.
     I think people – actually people would have predicted the unexpected roundhouse that COVID came up with it sort of came out of nowhere.
     So I think in the absence of something, some massive force majeure events, but quite massive, I think, 40% is the likely number.
     It's possible that is 40%.
     I would be very shocked, if it's less than 40%, even with force majeure Model 3.
-----
3. [Sentence #108] [PLAN]
     While sales and delivery operations have paused in many areas of the world, we are still receiving many online orders, despite inability for our customers to experience the product prior to ordering.
     However, unavoidably, the extended shutdown in Fremont will have an impact on our near-term financial performance and we will need to work through how quickly we'll be able to ramp production to prior levels.
     More broadly, we remain focused on ensuring our cash flows are managed appropriately.
     Working capital management, in particular, raw material inventory is the single most important lever in managing our cash flows during this time.
     The Tesla team has done a great job here.
     We've also taken actions to eliminate or reduce non-critical expenses and optional investments while continuing to drive efficiencies throughout the business.
     Overall, we've modeled many scenarios into 2021 and remain comfortable that we have sufficient liquidity to proceed fully with our most important, long-term investments.
>>> It is important to note that Tesla remains an extremely agile and dynamic company, and this is aided by the substantial work we've done over the last year to improve our cost efficiency and productivity.
     And we have the ability to quickly adjust our spending and planning as required.
     So thank you again to the Tesla team for success in Q1, and we will turn to questions.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     So we'll take the first questions from institutional investors compiled by Safe Technologies.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

The first question from institutional investor is, most Tesla owners have yet to purchase or experience FSD, despite most vehicles having all the necessary hardware.
     What levers could you pull to accelerate adoption and deepen your data advantage?
     For example, could you consider offering FSD as a premium subscription?
-----
4. [Sentence #438] [UNCERTAIN]
     Just that he'd bring more of a broader and a global, strategic view to the Board.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     Let's go to the next question, please.
     Operator

Our next question will come from Gene Munster with Loup Ventures.
     Please go ahead.
     Gene Munster

Congratulations on the progress.
     Elon, you talked about full autonomy by the end of the year.
>>> I would love for you to walk through the rollout strategy of the Tesla Network app and how that's going to look prior to the robo taxi stage?
     Are you going to gradually take over human routes with autonomous capable routes over time?
     Or how do you see that playing out?
     Elon Musk

Well, it's pretty much going to play out as it has played out, which is, we'll release more and more functionality.
     Yes, before we release any functionality, it goes through extensive testing.
     First, we run it -- we have a simulations team that has, I think, a very good simulation of the real world.
     So we run any car changes through battery tests and simulation.
     Then we have a global QA team, which I'm on, actually.
-----

Total context windows: 4
