[TSLA_Q4_2024] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #302] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     The line after that would be for 100,000 units a month.
     And I think probably with Version 2, it is a very rough guess because there's so much uncertainty here, very rough guess that we start delivering Optimus robots to companies that are outside of Tesla in maybe the second half of next year, something like that.
     But like I said, this is such an exponential ramp that it will go from no one's receiving humanoid robots to these things like coming out like crazy.
     We can't build enough.
     We're always going to be in the -- we can't build enough situation.
     Demand will not be a problem even at a high price.
     And then I said like, once we start -- once we're at a steady state of above 1 million units a year, I think the production -- I'm confident at 1 million units a year, that the production cost of Optimus will be less than $20,000.
     If you compare the complexity of Optimus to the complexity of a car, so just the total mass and complexity of Optimus is much less than a car.
     So, I would expect that at similar volumes to say the Model Y, which is over 1 million units a year, that you'd see Optimus be, I don't know, half the cost or something like that.
     What the price of Optimus is a different matter.
     The price of Optimus will be set by the market demand.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much.
>>> The next question is, what is the status on mass production of the Tesla Semi?
     And how will it impact revenue and scale?
     Lars Moravy -- Vice President, Vehicle Engineering

I can take that one.
     So, we just closed out the Semi factory roof of walls last week in Reno, a schedule, which is great with the weather.
     In Reno, you never know what's going to happen.
     But we're prepping for mechanical installation of all the equipment in the coming months.
     The first builds of the high volumes in design come late this year in 2025 and begin ramping early in 2026.
     But as we've said before, the Semi is a TCO, no-brainer.
     I think it's really similar to Optimus.
     It's going to be set by how much people pay and it has the total cost of ownership, it's much, much cheaper than any other transportation you could have.
     So, at that point, when we're at scale, it will meaningfully contribute to Tesla's revenue.
     Might be difficult to say how much.
     you want to add.
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

No.
-----
2. [Sentence #13] [PLAN]
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Tesla's fourth quarter 2024 q&a webcast.
     My name is Travis Axelrod, the here at Tesla.
     And I'm joined today by Elon Musk and Vaibhav Taneja and a number of other executives.
     Our Q4 results were announced at about 3:00 p.m.

Central Time in the update deck we published at the same link as this webcast.
     During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements.
     These comments are based on predictions and expectations as of today.
     Actual events or results could differ materially due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those mentioned in our most recent filings with the SEC.
     During the question-and-answer portion of today's call, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
     [Operator instructions] Before we jump into Q&A, Elon has some opening remarks.
     Elon?
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

Thank you.
     So, in summary, in Q4, we set record and delivered vehicles at an annualized rate of nearly 2 million a year.
>>> So, congratulations to the Tesla team on excellent work, achieving record production and deliveries.
     Model Y was the best-selling vehicle of any kind for 2024.
     Where to invest $1,000 right now
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen.
     After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,040% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 182% for the S&P 500.
     They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…

Learn more ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of July 21, 2025

That's worth noting.
     Not just the best electric vehicle, the best vehicle of any kind on Earth, No.
     1 was Model Y.
     We are staying focused on maximizing volumes and obviously doubling down -- I don't know what -- really, I was going to say doubling down in autonomy, but really, it's like autonomy is like 10x-ing frankly.
     Doubling is not even enough.
     We made many critical investments in 2024 in manufacturing, AI and robotics that will bear immense fruit in the future, immense.
     Like it's, in fact, to such a scale that it is difficult to comprehend.
     And I've said this before and I'll stand by it.
     I see a path.
     I'm not saying it's an easy path but I see a path of Tesla being the most valuable company in the world by far.
-----

Total context windows: 2
