[TSLA_Q3_2021] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #240] [UNCERTAIN]
     Zachary Kirkhorn

I don't think that this is widely known but we already actually doing the sentiment of what this question is asking.
     If you trade in your Tesla to Tesla, we -- there's a difference in price that we pay for a trade-in that has FSD compared to one that doesn't.
     And so, there's -- there's that premium that we pay to repurchase the FSD.
     That money can then be applied towards the purchase of the new car.
     So, I just -- we hear this feedback quite a bit, we see it on social media, we see it in the forums, etc.
     And so, this already does exist.
     And not directly in the form here.
     And we don't call it out explicitly in the trade-in, potentially that we have increased the price of your trade-in as a result.
     And hopefully, this clears this out because we do actually do that.
     Martin Viecha

Okay.
     The next question is, Elon said that we get an update on Cybertruck in November a year ago, but it hasn't happened and we know there are a lot of updates.
     Will you show off the new and improved Cybertruck?
     Lars Moravy

Yeah.
     Thanks, Martin.
     We get a lot of questions on Cybertruck.
>>> We've been busy detailing the Cybertruck to achieve the prototype version we shared with customers awhile back.
     As you may have seen recently on social media, we've built a number of alphas and are currently testing those to further mature the design.
     And while those point out a few key additions like rear steer.
     There are also a number of smaller or less visible improvements, though the product is largely true to the initial vision.
     We'll continue to work through the product in the beta stages that we're in now and look to launch that by next year.
     Question-And-Answer Session

Martin Viecha

Okay.
     Thank you very much.
     We just promoted Pierre to a presenter here.
     Pierre Ferragu

Can you hear me, guys?
     Martin Viecha

Yes, we can hear you.
     Pierre Ferragu

Amazing.
     I'm very impressed that you managed to figure that out.
     Martin Viecha

We have to.
     Andrew Baglino

Thank you, Pierre.
     Pierre Ferragu

[Indiscernible].
     Anyway.
-----

Total context windows: 1
