[Year 2022] Tea cybertuck production 2020 to 2025

1. [Sentence #610, TSLA_Q2_2022] [PLAN]
     But this journey is not over.
     We will bring another level of simplicity and manufacturing improvements with Cybertruck and future products that we are not quite ready to talk about now, but I think will be very exciting to unveil in the future.
     Our safety team also introduced a feature that tension seat builds, if the vision system detects imminent collision, which has never been done before.
     So, you can imagine that if you have a seatbelt that only tensions upon impact you have very little time to tension the seatbelt.
     If you have got to be – the car has got to be crunching to trigger the seatbelt tensioner, but because we have vision, we can actually see that a collision is about to occur with 100% probability before it actually happens.
     And so we can tension the seatbelts and we can even adjust the airbag deployment, because we can see, not just feel.
     This is a fundamental safety advantage that Teslas are now able to offer.
     And there is also an over-the-air update, so this is something that will be in place in all cars that have at least AP3 hardware.
     In conclusion, we exited Q2 with a strong production rate than ever before.
     Our team continues to focus on Cybertruck production readiness and some future platform design.
>>> We are expecting to be – still expecting to be in production with the Cybertruck in the middle of next year.
     And we are very, very excited about that product.
     I think it might actually be our best product ever.
     Let’s see.
     And FSD beta is on track to be released for all of North American customers before the end of this year.
     And hopefully, if we get regulatory approval, we will also be releasing it hopefully in Europe and some other parts of the world.
     We are hosting our AI Day in a few months.
     I think people will be amazed at what we are able to show off in AI Day.
     So basically, there is a tremendous amount to look forward to in the second half of this year.
     And I want to thank all of our employees and suppliers for their super hard work during these challenging times.
     Super appreciate it.
-----
2. [Sentence #65, TSLA_Q1_2022] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     So, with two fantastic factories with great teams, and they are ramping rapidly.
     Now, with new factories, the initial ramp always looks small, but it grows exponentially.
     So, I have very high confidence in the teams of both factories.
     And we expect to ramp those initially slowly, but like I said, growing exponentially with them achieving high volume by the end of this year.
     So, we’re also working on a new vehicle that I alluded to at the Giga Texas opening, which is a dedicated robotaxi.
     That’s highly optimized for autonomy, meaning it would not have steering wheel or pedals.
     And there are a number of other innovations around it that I think are quite exciting.
     That is fundamentally optimized for -- trying to achieve the lowest fully considered cost per mile or cost per kilometer, accounting everything.
     And so, it’s, I think, going to be a very powerful product where we aspire to reach volume production of that in 2024.
     So, I think that really will be a massive driver of Tesla’s growth.
>>> And we remain on track to reach volume production of the Cybertruck next year.
     So, it’s basically -- once again, I’d like to thank the Tesla employees for their hard work, but also I’d like to thank our suppliers who’ve really gone the extra mile.
     They -- we have an amazing supplier group, and I want say heartfelt thanks to the suppliers that have really worked day and night to ensure that Tesla is able to keep the factories running.
     And we’re really at the early stage of that journey.
     We only crossed 1 million units in the past 12 months recently.
     And we are -- we aspire to head to 20 million units a year.
     So, we’re basically 5% along the way towards our goal.
     And we are growing very, very rapidly year-over-year.
     And we remain confident of exceeding 50% annual growth for the foreseeable future for basically several of the next years, I mean, so yes.
     And then, there’s, of course, Optimus, which I was surprised that people did not realize the magnitude of the Optimus robot program.
     The importance of Optimus will become apparent in coming years.
-----

Total context windows: 2
