[TSLA_Q4_2021] Between 2020 and 2024, did Tesla meet its guidance for year-over-year revenue growth and operating leverage improvement?

1. [Sentence #116] [PLAN]
     We continue to drive for vehicle volume growth at or above 50%, as Elon mentioned, and our plans show that this is actually achievable with just our Fremont and Shanghai factories.
     For quite some time now, these factories have been running below capacity due to macro challenges with supply and logistics.
     As Elon mentioned as well, from what we're seeing, the pace of growth in 2022 will again be determined by supply chain and logistics, which is quite difficult for us to forecast.
     Despite these constraints, it's important to begin the ramp of Austin and Berlin to ensure that we are prepared once limitations ease, enabling us to increase total output more quickly in the future.
     This will result in higher fixed and semi-variable costs in the near term, in addition to the usual inefficiencies as we ramp a new factory.
     We are also seeing inflation and rising commodity prices, which we expect to continue to put pressure on our costs.
     How this specifically impacts gross margins in the near term is uncertain, given a mix of both tailwinds and headwinds.
>>> However, we do expect to continue to see stronger operating margins as we grow our volumes and improve operating leverage.
     Over a longer-term horizon, we are quite optimistic about the expansion of margins, though.
     From the hardware side, we are aggressively driving manufacturing innovations and operational efficiency to reduce cost.
     And with the rapid development of FSD, software-based profits will ultimately become a strong addition to the profits generated by selling hardware.
     So congratulations to the Tesla team for a terrific 2021, and thank you to our suppliers who supported us.
     Looking forward to another great year.
     Elon Musk

I'd like to just second the thank you to suppliers.
     A lot of suppliers worked late nights, weekends, vacations around the world, and we're very grateful for that.
-----
2. [Sentence #273] [PLAN]
     There's -- you can make something infinitely desirable.
     But if it's not affordable, that will constrain people's ability to buy it because they don't have the money.
     I worry more about like how do we the Cybertruck affordable despite having awesome technology.
     That's the thing that will really set the rate.
     Aspirationally, we'd like it to go, in terms of just a rough order of magnitude, we'd like Cybertruck to be at least on the order of [indiscernible] vehicles a year.
     But it will take us a moment to get to that level.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
>>> The next question is, how much of Tesla's margin improvement is from, number one, economies of scale; number two, production design -- production line design efficiencies; number three, reduced transportation costs from multiple plant locations; and number four, pricing versus cost inflation; or number five, other sources?
     And how much further could margins improve and why?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes.
     Basically -- yes, there's basically four major factors if we look over the last year to the margin improvement in the Company.
     And they're in no particular order here but these are the big ones.
     So, our mix of Model Y is increasing as we've ramped that to higher capacity in Fremont and also in Shanghai.
     And the reason that matters is the Model Y is a vehicle that carries a higher profit than the Model 3.
     And so that is helpful on our margins.
-----

Total context windows: 2
