[Year 2024] From 2022 to 2024, how did Tesla’s gross margin evolve across vehicle and energy segments, and did it match their stated margin targets?

1. [Sentence #875, TSLA_Q2_2024] [UNCERTAIN]
     So, if you start announcing some great thing, it affects our near-term sales.
     We're going to make great products in future just like we have in the past, end of story.
     Travis Axelrod

Right.
     The next question comes from Ben Kallo from Baird.
     Ben, please go ahead and unmute yourself.
     Ben Kallo

Hi.
     Thanks for taking my question.
>>> When we think about revenue contribution and with energy growing so quickly and Optimus on the come, how do we think about the overall segments longer term?
     And then do you think that auto revenue will fall below 50% of your overall revenue?
     And then my follow-up is just on the last call you talked about, distributed compute on your new hardware.
     Could you just update us and talk a little bit more about that, the timeline for it and how you would reward customers for letting you use their compute power and their cars?
     Thanks.
     Elon Musk

Yes, I mean, as I've said a few times, I think the long-term value of Optimus will exceed that of everything else that Tesla combined.
     So, it's simply -- just simply consider the usefulness utility of a humanoid robot that can do pretty much anything you ask of it.
     I think everyone on earth is going to want one.
-----
2. [Sentence #15, TSLA_Q1_2024] [PLAN]
     Please use the raise hand button to join the question queue.
     But before we jump into Q&A, Elon has some opening remarks.
     Elon?
     Elon Musk

Thanks, Martin.
     So to recap, in Q1 we navigated several unforeseen challenges as well as the ramp of the updated Model 3 in Fremont.
     There was, as we all have seen, the EV adoption rate globally is under pressure and a lot of other auto manufacturers are pulling back on EVs and pursuing plug-in hybrids instead.
     We believe this is not the right strategy and electric vehicles will ultimately dominate the market.
>>> Despite these challenges, the Tesla team did a great job executing in a tough environment and energy storage deployments, the Megapack in particular, reached an all-time high in Q1, leading to record profitability for the energy business, and that looks likely to continue to increase in the quarters and years ahead.
     It will increase.
     We actually know that it will, so significantly faster than the car business as we expected.
     We also continue to expand our AI training capacity in Q1, more than doubling our training compute sequentially.
     In terms of the new product roadmap, there has been a lot of talk about our upcoming vehicle line in the next – in the past several weeks.
     We've updated our future vehicle lineup to accelerate the launch of new models ahead, previously mentioned startup production in the second half of 2025, so we expect it to be more like the early 2025, if not late this year.
     These new vehicles, including more affordable models, will use aspects of the next generation platform as well as aspects of our current platforms, and will be able to produce on the same manufacturing lines as our current vehicle lineup.
     So it's not contingent on any new factory or massive new production line.
-----
3. [Sentence #1292, TSLA_Q3_2024] [PLAN]
     We actually have enough with raw materials to take all of human civilization, make it fully sustainable and dramatically increased its trust usage would still be fully sustainable.
     One way to think of the progress of a civilization, this may sound a little esoteric, but is percentage completion of scale.
     So, [Inaudible] scale, one would be you're using all the power of a planet.
     We're currently less than 1% on Level 1.
     Level 2 would be using all the power of the sun, and Level 3, all of power of the galaxy, so we've got a long way to go, long way to go.
     When you think of courtship terms, it becomes obvious that by far, the biggest source of energy is the sun.
     Everything else is in the.
>>> So, in conclusion, Tesla is focused on building the future of energy, transport, robotics and AI.
     And this is a time when others are just focused on managing around near-term trends.
     We think what we're doing is the right approach.
     And if we execute on our objectives, I think we will, my prediction is Tesla will become the most valuable company in the world and probably by a long shot.
     I want to thank the Tesla team once again for strong execution in a tough operating environment, and we're looking forward to building an incredibly exciting future.
     Thank you.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much, Elon.
-----
4. [Sentence #1253, TSLA_Q3_2024] [PILOT]
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

And we do expect to roll out ride-hailing in California and Texas next year to the public.
     Now, California is somewhere -- there's quite a long regulatory approval process.
     I think we should get approval next year but it's contingent upon regulatory approval.
     Texas is a lot faster so it's -- we'll definitely have available in Texas and probably have it available in California, subject to regulatory approval.
     And then -- and maybe some other states actually next year as well, but at least California and Texas.
     So, I think that would be very exciting.
     That's really a profound change.
>>> Tesla becomes more than a sort of vehicle and a battery manufacturing company at that point.
     So, we published Q3 vehicle safety report, which shows one crash for every 7 million miles of autopilot.
     That compares to the U.S. average of one crash roughly every 700,000 miles.
     So, it's currently showing a 10x safety improvement relative to the U.S.

average.
     And we continue to expand our AI training capacity to accommodate the needs of both FSD and Optimus.
     We are currently not training compute-constrained.
     Probably the biggest limiting factor of the FSD is actually getting so good that it takes us a while to actually find mistakes.
     And when you start getting to where it can take 10,000 miles to find a mistake, it takes a while to actually figure out which it is.
-----
5. [Sentence #66, TSLA_Q1_2024] [PLAN]
     Currently normalized Model Y cost per vehicle in Austin and Berlin are already very close to that of Fremont.
     Our ability to reduce costs without sacrificing on quality was due to the amazing efforts of the team, in executing Tesla's relentless pursuit of efficiency across the business.
     We've also witnessed that as other OEMs are pulling back on their investments in EV, there is increasing appetite for credits, and that means a steady stream of revenue for us.
     Obviously, seeing others pull back from EV is not the future we want.
     We would prefer it the whole industry went all in.
     On the demand front, we've undertaken a variety of initiatives, including lowering the price of both the purchase and subscription options for FSD launching extremely attractive leasing specials for the Model 3 in the U.S. for $299 a month and offering attractive financing options in certain markets.
     We believe that our awareness activities, paired with attractive financing, will go a long way in expanding our reach and driving demand for our products.
>>> Our Energy business continues to make meaningful progress with margins reaching a record of 24.6%.
     We expect the energy storage deployments for 2024 to grow at least 75% higher from 2023.
     And accordingly, this business will begin contributing significantly to our overall profitability.
     Note that there is a bit of lumpiness in our storage deployments due to a variety of factors that are outside of our control, so deployments may fluctuate quarter-over-quarter.
     On the operating expense front, we saw a sequential increase from our AI initiatives, continued investment in future projects, marketing, and other activities.
     We had negative free cash flow of $2.5 billion in the first quarter.
     The primary driver of this was an increase in inventory from a mismatch between builds and deliveries as discussed before, and our elevated spend on CapEx across various initiatives, including AI compute.
     We expect the inventory build to reverse in the second quarter and free cash flow to return to positive again.
-----
6. [Sentence #1337, TSLA_Q3_2024] [PLAN]
     This is a function of mix of projects being deployed in the quarter.
     Note that there will be fluctuation in margins as we manage through deployments and our inventory.
     Our pipeline and backlog continue to grow quarter over quarter as we fill our 2025 production slots, and we are doing our best to keep up with the demand.
     Just coming back on automotive margins.
     I talked about -- sorry, I talked about what is happening.
     One other thing which I want to also share is that we're seeing -- that we will continue to keep whatever we can to, like I said before, about squeezing of the cost.
     But this is something which we also are very capable of.
>>> I mean, just in Q3, we faced our lowest cost per vehicle, and that is a trend which we want to keep focused on.
     Then going on to service and other.
     We continue to show improvements in Q3.
     This was a result of better performance, both in our service as well as it includes collision, part sales, and merchandise and continued growth in supercharging.
     These fee-based revenues will continue to grow as the overall fleet size increases.
     Our operating expenses declined quarter over quarter and on year-on-year basis.
     This is partially due to the restructuring we undertook in Q2.
     Cost savings from these initiatives were partially offset by increase in costs related to our AI efforts.
-----

Total context windows: 6
