[TSLA_Q3_2020] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #162] [PILOT]
     We're just now capturing the full power of customer-cited solar plus storage as customers in some jurisdictions are providing services back to the grid when they don't need to consume energy or have backup power.
     This has massive potential to reduce system cost and make the grid more efficient globally.
     In the United States, we lowered our residential solar retrofit price to $1.49 a watt after tax incentives, which is the lowest in the industry.
     We're able to do this by leveraging our online vehicle ordering infrastructure, which substantially reduces the soft costs associated with sales and marketing.
     As a result, our fixed costs remained relatively flat as our volume and efficiency increase, leading to increased profitability in the retrofit business.
     We're using the same methodology across the entire Energy business, including service, to capitalize on the technology backbone of the company.
     Solar Roof is especially exciting as we've gained significant experience over the last year in the installation process, which is a key enabler to scale the business.
     We've recently demonstrated our ability to complete Solar Roof installation in just one day.
     We're pleased now, this still requires one to two days to remove the existing roof and prepare it for the Solar Roof installation.
     Clearly, there will be a range of installation times based on size, complexity, weather and other factors.
     Overall, our reduced installation time provides a better customer experience, and will enable the business to grow exponentially as scale effects allow for increased efficiency.
     In closing, we believe the Energy segment is poised for a strong growth as we continue to focus on increasing scale while reducing cost to maximize profitability.
     I want to thank the team again for their hard work, and I look forward to another strong quarter ahead of us.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much, everyone.
     And let's begin with questions from say.com.
>>> The first question from retail shareholders is, is Tesla planning to start 4680 cell production at Giga Berlin at the same time as vehicle production?
     Can Tesla share more information on what products you'll use the battery cells from the pilot line in Fremont?
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     Drew, do you want to take that?
     Drew Baglino

Sure.
     Yes, we will incorporate 4680 design solutions into many applications in time across both energy and vehicle.
     And we can use our pilot production facility in Fremont to support the new factory in Berlin as it ramps.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     Let's go to the next question, which is question number two from retail shareholders.
     Does Tesla's tablet cell design allow for significantly higher peak charging rates?
     Does it improve the required taper curve?
     Drew Baglino

Yes.
     The fundamental limitation on charge rate in lithium-ion batteries is avoiding lithium plating on the anode.
     And while the tablet's architecture helps avoid overheating because it's a more power dense architecture at high continuous charge rates, it doesn't change the anode plating story.
     Electro design and anode material choice more directly determines the maximum charge rate and how to avoid that lithium plating problem.
     Martin Viecha

Okay.
-----

Total context windows: 1
