[TSLA_Q3_2020] How did the output capacity of Tesla’s Gigafactories change from 2020 to 2024, and did it match the capacity projections shared in earnings calls?

1. [Sentence #466] [PLAN]
     Although it also looks good, I think, from a cleaner standpoint.
     Yes.
     If it goes well, we'll be able to do some Cybertruck deliveries towards the end of next -- towards the end of next year, yes.
     So it's difficult to predict.
     I would say there's probably a lot of deliveries in 2022, and some deliveries towards the end of next year, if things go well.
     Pierre Ferragu

Okay.
     And now I'm trying to get a sense of how next year is going to look like.
>>> So if I look at your production capacity at the end of this year, it's going to be almost 850,000 units on an annualized basis.
     And you're going to increase capacity in Shanghai, open Berlin.
     You say today you would open Austin as well.
     So you're probably going to end the year above 1 million units.
     And so am I right thinking next year we should expect to deliver like somewhere like between 840,000 and 1 million cars during the year?
     Drew Baglino

Yes.
     We'll...

Elon Musk

Go ahead, Drew.
     Drew Baglino

Yes, we'll provide guidance on 2021 after next earnings call.
-----
2. [Sentence #79] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     So it’s overall going well.
     I should make a point that for Berlin and Austin, we do expect to start delivering cars from those factories next year.
     But because of the exponential nature of the spool up of manufacturing plant, especially one with new technology, it will start off very slow at first and then become very -- afterward will become very large.
     Just in general, manufacturing follows the S-curve and I think, some of those people kind of spend a lot of time manufacturing kind of things that once you have a factory, you can just sort of turn it on and it's at capacity.
     But it will typically take about 12 to 18 months to reach capacity.
     And that is a very fast period of time, especially for new technology.
     So yes, I'd say, 12 to 24 months even.
>>> So generally, what I see is the manufacturing capacity is underestimated in the beginning for quite some time.
     Then it is sometimes overestimated because this is an s-curve.
     It goes exponential to linear to logarithmic.
     And it's actually incredibly hard thing, just bringing a production plant up to volume technology.
     If you can actually think of it like you've got to first order approximation, 10,000 unique parts of processes, all of which operate on an s-curve and with a bunch of uncertainty, and you can just slide 10,000 s-curves on an x-axis, and that's what bringing up a large automotive plant is like.
     And which one is the laggard, which one is the leader, it's very difficult to tell, and it's constantly changing.
     So it's really one of the most difficult challenges I've ever seen.
     So let's see.
-----

Total context windows: 2
