[Year Q2] Between 2023 and 2024, did Tesla meet its guidance for year-over-year revenue growth and operating leverage improvement?

1. [Sentence #117, TSLA_Q2_2023] [PLAN]
     Here in Texas, we’re preparing to launch our Cybertruck cell, which is 10% higher energy density than current production.
     That was accomplished through process and mechanical design optimization.
     As we scale Cyber cell production through the end of the year and early next, we should be in a comfortable place on cost per cell.
     Against our battery energy density targets, the Cyber cell is at our expectations on a like-for-like electrochemistry basis.
     We’re yet to integrate silicon or in-house cathode production, both reviewed on Battery Day, which do bring significant further energy density and cost improvements, but that is a topic for another day.
     Lastly, it is important to remember that most of what we focused on a Battery Day was the Tesla-engineered 4680 production system and the improvements we strove to achieve on equipment, factory density, capital cost and utility cost reduction, all of which we are realizing in our Texas scale up to date.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
>>> The next question is, can you talk more to the upcoming Tesla Energy products and how your thinking has evolved on the revenue model?
     Given Tesla’s AI capabilities, how do you see the long-term mix between hardware margin and recurring software margin from Autobidder as this segment accelerates?
     Unidentified Company Representative

We can’t comment on future product road map, but I can provide a quick energy Q2 update.
     Megapack continues to show strong demand globally with Lathrop ramping successfully to meet our contracted projects in 2023.
     As stated last quarter, Megapack margins are in a reasonable place, in line with our target – vehicle target margins.
     The second final assembly line at Lathrop is progressing on schedule, eventually doubling Lathrop capacity ahead of our full factory ramp in 2024.
     We have several exciting large projects in construction or nearing completion, including the KES project in Hawaii, the Riverina project in Australia, several products in California and one here at Gigafactory, Texas that we’ll tour today, actually.
     We want to thank our customers, utilities and grid operators for trusting us with these projects.
-----
2. [Sentence #416, TSLA_Q2_2023] [UNCERTAIN]
     It’s just that you can think of every car that we sell or produce that has full autonomy capability as actually something that in the future may be worth as much as 5 times what it is today.
     Because average -- vehicle is doing like maybe 10 hours of driving a week.
     If sort of -- if this says 1.5 hours a day on average, that’s 10 hours a week-ish.
     If you’ve got on autonomous -- if the vehicle is able to operate autonomously and use either dedicated autonomous or partially autonomous like Airbnb, like maybe sometimes you allow your car to be used by others.
     Sometimes you want to use it exclusively just like Airbnb -- doing Airbnb with a room in your house.
     The value is just tremendous.
     So, I think it’s sort of, it would be -- I think it -- it does make sense to sacrifice margins in favor of making more vehicles because we think in the not too distant future, they will have a dramatic valuation increase.
>>> I think the Tesla fleet value increase at the point which we can upload full self-driving and is approved by regulators will be the single biggest step change in asset value maybe in history.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     Let’s go to the next analyst.
     The question comes from Emmanuel Rosner from Deutsche Bank.
     Emmanuel Rosner

Two questions from me as well.
     First, following up on the autonomy.
     So before you start launching these dedicated robotaxi vehicles, on existing vehicles, you’re improving FSD incrementally.
     What is your latest targeted timing to essentially release a non-beta version or an eyes-off version that would trigger much higher take rates?
-----
3. [Sentence #977, TSLA_Q2_2024] [UNCERTAIN]
     In the years come it'll be over 10 million, then over 20 million.
     This is immense scale.
     And the car is able to operate 24/7, unlike the human driver.
     So, the capability to -- like, if there's this basically instant scale with a software update.
     And now this is for a customer on fleet.
     So you can think of that as being a bit like Airbnb, like you can choose to allow your car to be used by the fleet, or cancel that and bring it back.
     It can be used by the fleet all the time.
>>> It can be used by the fleet some of the time, and then Tesla would take -- would share on the revenue with the customer.
     But you can think of the giant fleet of Tesla vehicles as like a giant sort of Airbnb equivalent fleet, Airbnb on wheels.
     The -- I mean, then in addition we would make some number of cars for Tesla that would just be owned by Tesla and be added to the fleet.
     I guess that would be a bit more like Uber.
     But this would all be a Tesla network.
     And there's an important clause we've put in, in every Tesla purchase, which is that the Tesla vehicles can only be used in the Tesla fleet.
     They cannot be used by a third-party for autonomy.
     Ferragu Pierre

Okay.
-----

Total context windows: 3
