[TSLA_Q3_2020] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #162] [PILOT]
     In the United States, we lowered our residential solar retrofit price to $1.49 a watt after tax incentives, which is the lowest in the industry.
     We're able to do this by leveraging our online vehicle ordering infrastructure, which substantially reduces the soft costs associated with sales and marketing.
     As a result, our fixed costs remained relatively flat as our volume and efficiency increase, leading to increased profitability in the retrofit business.
     We're using the same methodology across the entire Energy business, including service, to capitalize on the technology backbone of the company.
     Solar Roof is especially exciting as we've gained significant experience over the last year in the installation process, which is a key enabler to scale the business.
     We've recently demonstrated our ability to complete Solar Roof installation in just one day.
     We're pleased now, this still requires one to two days to remove the existing roof and prepare it for the Solar Roof installation.
     Clearly, there will be a range of installation times based on size, complexity, weather and other factors.
     Overall, our reduced installation time provides a better customer experience, and will enable the business to grow exponentially as scale effects allow for increased efficiency.
     In closing, we believe the Energy segment is poised for a strong growth as we continue to focus on increasing scale while reducing cost to maximize profitability.
     I want to thank the team again for their hard work, and I look forward to another strong quarter ahead of us.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much, everyone.
     And let's begin with questions from say.com.
>>> The first question from retail shareholders is, is Tesla planning to start 4680 cell production at Giga Berlin at the same time as vehicle production?
     Can Tesla share more information on what products you'll use the battery cells from the pilot line in Fremont?
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     Drew, do you want to take that?
     Drew Baglino

Sure.
     Yes, we will incorporate 4680 design solutions into many applications in time across both energy and vehicle.
     And we can use our pilot production facility in Fremont to support the new factory in Berlin as it ramps.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     Let's go to the next question, which is question number two from retail shareholders.
     Does Tesla's tablet cell design allow for significantly higher peak charging rates?
     Does it improve the required taper curve?
     Drew Baglino

Yes.
     The fundamental limitation on charge rate in lithium-ion batteries is avoiding lithium plating on the anode.
     And while the tablet's architecture helps avoid overheating because it's a more power dense architecture at high continuous charge rates, it doesn't change the anode plating story.
-----
2. [Sentence #521] [UNCERTAIN]
     So margins out of the gate that are a little low, but are then used for the reg credits that help to offset that.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes.
     But what I think, I would say generally to the question is, I mean, we've been in a position for sometime now where we are prioritizing where in the world we send our production.
     And there's different factors to that depending upon when different product changes are made, what the logistics routing look like, different things going on in different markets.
     But we are in a position where we need to prioritize.
     I mean, what we're trying to do as fast as we possibly can is get production up higher, so that we're not in a position of needing to prioritize again.
     There are -- yes, I think that gets at the sentiment of your question.
     Martin Viecha

Okay.
     Let's go to next question, please.
     Operator

Our next question will come from Gene Munster with Loup Ventures.
     Please go ahead.
     Gene Munster

Good evening.
     A question on Semi.
>>> If you could just walk us through the development of Megachargers, platoon and maybe just how you think about autonomy for Tesla Semi?
     And what is -- how you envision it impacting the broader trucking industry beyond just EV?
     Elon Musk

Well, actually, Jerome, do you want to answer that?
     Jerome Guillen

Yes.
     We continue the development of the Semi.
     And in particular, Megachargers, we realized that 350-kilowatt or so that we might be looking for cars is not going to be enough for Semi.
     So we're looking for something much more powerful than that, that can achieve essentially charging as fast the Semi as during a break, during your driving time so that you can drive until the next break, yes.
     So there is no usable or efficient time wasted for charging the Semi.
     That's the goal.
     We're working with other parties to make sure that there is a standard infrastructure that will be able to be deployed for all customers.
     Yes.
     Probably, all I can say at this point, yes.
     We're not working on...

Elon Musk

Sorry, go ahead.
     Jerome Guillen

Just we're not working in isolation.
-----
3. [Sentence #461] [PLAN]
     And that's the goal with the Cybertruck.
     So, there's like a lot of small improvements compared to what was unveiled.
     I think it's going to be better than what we showed.
     And yes, it's cool.
     Like it's very made in Austin.
     So depending on completing that factory.
     And there are obviously new technologies with the high hardness kind of armored exoskeleton.
     This is -- never been done before, so there'll probably be some challenges along the way.
     And obviously, something that's extremely high hardness and difficult to scratch or dent is also difficult to form.
     So it's -- there's manufacturing challenges there.
     That's why it's so cleaner.
     Although it also looks good, I think, from a cleaner standpoint.
     Yes.
>>> If it goes well, we'll be able to do some Cybertruck deliveries towards the end of next -- towards the end of next year, yes.
     So it's difficult to predict.
     I would say there's probably a lot of deliveries in 2022, and some deliveries towards the end of next year, if things go well.
     Pierre Ferragu

Okay.
     And now I'm trying to get a sense of how next year is going to look like.
     So if I look at your production capacity at the end of this year, it's going to be almost 850,000 units on an annualized basis.
     And you're going to increase capacity in Shanghai, open Berlin.
     You say today you would open Austin as well.
     So you're probably going to end the year above 1 million units.
     And so am I right thinking next year we should expect to deliver like somewhere like between 840,000 and 1 million cars during the year?
     Drew Baglino

Yes.
     We'll...

Elon Musk

Go ahead, Drew.
     Drew Baglino

Yes, we'll provide guidance on 2021 after next earnings call.
     Elon Musk

I mean, it's in that vicinity.
-----

Total context windows: 3
