[PM_Q2_2025_transcript [Transcript]] tariffs

1. [Sentence #189] [PLAN]
     We are still reviewing the implication of the OBBB Act U.S. tax reform.
     In dollar terms, we expect adjusted diluted EPS growth to plus 15%.
     This includes an estimated $0.10 favorable currency impact at prevailing exchange rate with favorable earnings translation from a broadly weaker dollar, partly offset by transactional impact due to currency volatility which I covered earlier.
     Given our expectation for a strong full year profit delivery and cash conversion, we are raising our forecast for operating cash flow to around $11.5 billion at prevailing exchange rate and subject to year-end working capital requirements.
     We project capital expenditures slightly above our prior forecast at around $1.6 billion, primarily due to further international ZYN capacity investment with CapEx spend almost entirely focused on supporting the growth of smoke-free.
     With regard to our balance sheet, we continue to target further deleveraging in 2025 placing us on track for our target ratio of around 2x by the end of 2026.
     As mentioned last quarter, we are a global company with broadly diversified production and a worldwide supplier network, including an established U.S. manufacturing base, and we believe we are well positioned to mitigate potential supply chain challenges.
>>> While the situation is volatile, we do not currently anticipate a material impact on our business from recently introduced or discussed tariffs.
     Our financial growth model is driving a continuous improvement in the quality of our business with smoke-free accretion and combustible resilience driving considerable bottom line growth.
     We are well on track to meet or exceed our 3-year CAGR target, demonstrating our ability to deliver what we believe to be best-in-class CPG growth.
     Adjusted diluted EPS growth in dollar terms is a key objective, and we are pleased to see this delivered in H1 as well as in our outlook for the year.
     I will now conclude today's presentation with some closing remarks.
     We delivered an exceptional first half of the year, placing us well on track for another year of strong performance.
     Our smoke-free growth is increasingly profitable as IQOS, ZYN and VEEV gain scale and drive synergies at the consumer and commercial level.
     Our best-in-class financial performance is bolstered by underlying strength across all categories, including the resilience of our combustible business in addition to our proactive measures on pricing and cost efficiencies.
-----

Total context windows: 1
