[TSLA_Q3_2022] How did Tesla’s solar ambitions (e.g., Solar Roof targets from 2019–2021) translate into actual deployments through 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #113] [PLAN]
     And let’s go first to the shareholder questions.
     The first shareholder question is, given the stringent battery content and assembly requirements for consumer tax credit eligibility under the Inflation Reduction Act, can you speak to Tesla’s ability to meet those thresholds in each of 2023, 2024 and 2025 through your existing and planned supply chain?
     Elon Musk

Well, yes, I mean, I think just at a high level, I’d say, we do expect to fully meet the IRA’s requirements.
     Do you want to add?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes.
     We view that passing of the Inflation Reduction Act as a significant boost towards accelerating automation, while also scaling the battery supply chain at large in the United States.
     We expect Treasury to publish detailed guidance by the end of the year.
>>> Until such time, it’s difficult to fully determine the eligibility criteria, but we believe Tesla is very well positioned to capture a significant share of that for solar storage and also electric vehicles.
     Elon Musk

Yes, like I said, we’re -- like I said earlier, we’re going to go basically pedal to the metal as fast as humanly possible to get to 1,000 gigawatt hours a year of production in the U.S. vertically integrated.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     Let’s go to the next question.
     The next question is, what updates can you offer on the backlog and the recent order intake trends, especially outside of the U.S. and especially in China?”

Elon Musk

Well, it’s -- there’s definitely -- China is experiencing adverse of a recession of sorts, which is property market -- simply from a property market mostly.
     And Europe has recession of sorts driven by energy.
     The U.S. actually isn’t -- North America is in a pretty good health, although the Fed is raising interest rates more than they should, but I think they’ll eventually realize that and bring back down again.
     Demand is a little higher than it would otherwise be.
-----

Total context windows: 1
