[TSLA_Q2_2023] Did Tesla maintain positive free cash flow and GAAP profitability from 2022 through 2024, as it promised after its first full profitable year?

1. [Sentence #324] [UNCERTAIN]
     But just generally, like -- I feel -- I’m confident we’ll deliver over long term, but can’t control short term.
     So -- and the autonomy is really where it’s at.
     I mean, Zachary?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

I fully agree with you.
     I mean, I think the only thing in the short term that matters is what I said in my opening remarks, which is are we generating enough money to continue to invest.
     And the portfolio of products and technologies that the technical teams are investing in right now, this is intense.
     It’s intense in terms of investment; it’s intense in terms of potential.
>>> Elon Musk

Frankly, I think it’s ridiculous that we have positive free cash flow in a capital-intensive business, while investing massive amounts of money in new technology.
     That is super hard.
     Unidentified Company Representative

And vertical integration.
     It’s not even just like new products, but also...

Elon Musk

Yes.
     We actually make our share...

Zachary Kirkhorn

And so, at least from my perspective, what matters is continuing to generate the cash to invest.
     That means continuing to be hyper focused on near-term cost reduction.
     Is everything we do in near-term cost reduction provides capital to reinvest?
     Hyper-focused on working capital management, which we’ve made quite a bit of progress there on the raw materials and with -- a set of that we’ve been very focused on accounts receivables as well to ensure that we can continue to reinvest the cash.
-----
2. [Sentence #117] [PLAN]
     Here in Texas, we’re preparing to launch our Cybertruck cell, which is 10% higher energy density than current production.
     That was accomplished through process and mechanical design optimization.
     As we scale Cyber cell production through the end of the year and early next, we should be in a comfortable place on cost per cell.
     Against our battery energy density targets, the Cyber cell is at our expectations on a like-for-like electrochemistry basis.
     We’re yet to integrate silicon or in-house cathode production, both reviewed on Battery Day, which do bring significant further energy density and cost improvements, but that is a topic for another day.
     Lastly, it is important to remember that most of what we focused on a Battery Day was the Tesla-engineered 4680 production system and the improvements we strove to achieve on equipment, factory density, capital cost and utility cost reduction, all of which we are realizing in our Texas scale up to date.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
>>> The next question is, can you talk more to the upcoming Tesla Energy products and how your thinking has evolved on the revenue model?
     Given Tesla’s AI capabilities, how do you see the long-term mix between hardware margin and recurring software margin from Autobidder as this segment accelerates?
     Unidentified Company Representative

We can’t comment on future product road map, but I can provide a quick energy Q2 update.
     Megapack continues to show strong demand globally with Lathrop ramping successfully to meet our contracted projects in 2023.
     As stated last quarter, Megapack margins are in a reasonable place, in line with our target – vehicle target margins.
     The second final assembly line at Lathrop is progressing on schedule, eventually doubling Lathrop capacity ahead of our full factory ramp in 2024.
     We have several exciting large projects in construction or nearing completion, including the KES project in Hawaii, the Riverina project in Australia, several products in California and one here at Gigafactory, Texas that we’ll tour today, actually.
     We want to thank our customers, utilities and grid operators for trusting us with these projects.
-----
3. [Sentence #314] [UNCERTAIN]
     Autonomy will make all of these numbers look silly.
     I’d recommend looking at ARK Invest.
     I think their analysis is very good.
     It’s the best.
     And generally, Fintwit or the finance, Smart Finance people on Twitter, follow their accounts.
     They’re great.
     So that’s in my opinion where you’ll get the best info.
>>> So, I strongly believe Tesla is a big long-term investment.
     And don’t sweat when things go up and down.
     In fact, if the market panics, buy; if the market is a little too exuberant, sell at the time.
     But just generally, like -- I feel -- I’m confident we’ll deliver over long term, but can’t control short term.
     So -- and the autonomy is really where it’s at.
     I mean, Zachary?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

I fully agree with you.
     I mean, I think the only thing in the short term that matters is what I said in my opening remarks, which is are we generating enough money to continue to invest.
-----

Total context windows: 3
