[TSLA_Q3_2020] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #162] [PILOT]
     We're pleased now, this still requires one to two days to remove the existing roof and prepare it for the Solar Roof installation.
     Clearly, there will be a range of installation times based on size, complexity, weather and other factors.
     Overall, our reduced installation time provides a better customer experience, and will enable the business to grow exponentially as scale effects allow for increased efficiency.
     In closing, we believe the Energy segment is poised for a strong growth as we continue to focus on increasing scale while reducing cost to maximize profitability.
     I want to thank the team again for their hard work, and I look forward to another strong quarter ahead of us.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much, everyone.
     And let's begin with questions from say.com.
>>> The first question from retail shareholders is, is Tesla planning to start 4680 cell production at Giga Berlin at the same time as vehicle production?
     Can Tesla share more information on what products you'll use the battery cells from the pilot line in Fremont?
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     Drew, do you want to take that?
     Drew Baglino

Sure.
     Yes, we will incorporate 4680 design solutions into many applications in time across both energy and vehicle.
     And we can use our pilot production facility in Fremont to support the new factory in Berlin as it ramps.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
-----
2. [Sentence #521] [UNCERTAIN]
     There are -- yes, I think that gets at the sentiment of your question.
     Martin Viecha

Okay.
     Let's go to next question, please.
     Operator

Our next question will come from Gene Munster with Loup Ventures.
     Please go ahead.
     Gene Munster

Good evening.
     A question on Semi.
>>> If you could just walk us through the development of Megachargers, platoon and maybe just how you think about autonomy for Tesla Semi?
     And what is -- how you envision it impacting the broader trucking industry beyond just EV?
     Elon Musk

Well, actually, Jerome, do you want to answer that?
     Jerome Guillen

Yes.
     We continue the development of the Semi.
     And in particular, Megachargers, we realized that 350-kilowatt or so that we might be looking for cars is not going to be enough for Semi.
     So we're looking for something much more powerful than that, that can achieve essentially charging as fast the Semi as during a break, during your driving time so that you can drive until the next break, yes.
     So there is no usable or efficient time wasted for charging the Semi.
-----
3. [Sentence #461] [UNCERTAIN]
     And there are obviously new technologies with the high hardness kind of armored exoskeleton.
     This is -- never been done before, so there'll probably be some challenges along the way.
     And obviously, something that's extremely high hardness and difficult to scratch or dent is also difficult to form.
     So it's -- there's manufacturing challenges there.
     That's why it's so cleaner.
     Although it also looks good, I think, from a cleaner standpoint.
     Yes.
>>> If it goes well, we'll be able to do some Cybertruck deliveries towards the end of next -- towards the end of next year, yes.
     So it's difficult to predict.
     I would say there's probably a lot of deliveries in 2022, and some deliveries towards the end of next year, if things go well.
     Pierre Ferragu

Okay.
     And now I'm trying to get a sense of how next year is going to look like.
     So if I look at your production capacity at the end of this year, it's going to be almost 850,000 units on an annualized basis.
     And you're going to increase capacity in Shanghai, open Berlin.
     You say today you would open Austin as well.
-----

Total context windows: 3
