[TSLA_Q3_2024] Did Tesla maintain positive free cash flow and GAAP profitability from 2022 through 2024, as it promised after its first full profitable year?

1. [Sentence #15] [UNCERTAIN]
     [Operator instructions] Before we jump into Q&A, Elon has some opening remarks.
     Elon?
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

Thank you.
     So, to recap, as someone was saying, something that what -- the industry was seeing year-over-year declines in order volumes in Q3.
     Tesla, at the same time, has achieved record deliveries.
     In fact, I think if you look at EV companies worldwide, to the best of my knowledge, no EV company is even profitable.
     And I'm not -- to the best of my knowledge, there was no EV division of any company, of any existing car company that is profitable.
>>> So, it is notable that Tesla is profitable despite a very challenging automotive environment, and this quarter actually is a record Q3 for us.
     So, we produced our seventh million vehicle actually just yesterday, so congratulations to the teams that made it happen in Tesla.
     That's staggering the immense amount of work to make 7 million cars.
     So, you see, we all have -- the energy storage business is growing like wildfire with strong demand for both Megapack and Powerwall.
     And as you all know, on October 10, we laid out a vision for an autonomous and future that I think is very compelling that the Tesla team did a phenomenal job there with actually giving people an option to experience the future, where you have humanoid robots working among the craft, not with a canned video and a presentation or anything but walking among crowd so he drinks and whatnot.
     And we had 50 autonomous vehicles.
     There were 20 Cybercabs, but there were an additional 30 Model Ys, operating fully autonomously the entire night, carrying thousands of people with no incidents the entire night.
     And all those who went there that worth emphasizing that the Cybercab had no steering wheel or brake or accelerator panels, meaning there was no way for anyone to intervene manually a unit if they wanted to and the whole night went very smoothly.
-----
2. [Sentence #156] [PLAN]
     And if we execute on our objectives, I think we will, my prediction is Tesla will become the most valuable company in the world and probably by a long shot.
     I want to thank the Tesla team once again for strong execution in a tough operating environment, and we're looking forward to building an incredibly exciting future.
     Thank you.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much, Elon.
     And Vaibhav has some opening remarks as well.
     Vaibhav Taneja -- Chief Financial Officer

Thanks.
>>> Our Q3 results were positive and once again demonstrate the scale to which the business has evolved or with generation of record operating cash flows of $6.3 billion.
     Our automotive revenues grew both quarter on quarter and year on year.
     While we had unit volume growth, we did experience a reduction in ASPs primarily due to the impact of financing incentives.
     As a reminder, we are providing these incentives primarily using third-party banks and financial institutions and recognize the cost of these incentives as an upfront reduction to revenue.
     We released FSD for Cybertruck and other features like actually Smart Summon, like Elon talked about, in North America, which contributed $326 million of revenues in the quarter.
     We continue to see elevated levels of regulatory credit sales with over $2 billion of revenues so far this year.
     To expand on this at an industry level, China continues to outperform U.S.

and Europe by a factor of three.
     And if there is something to be learned from that, this gives a signal of what is to come in other regions.
-----

Total context windows: 2
