[TSLA_Q1_2022] Did Tesla maintain positive free cash flow and GAAP profitability from 2022 through 2024, as it promised after its first full profitable year?

1. [Sentence #31] [PLAN]
     We also recognized a onetime benefit of $288 million from credit revenue relating to a regulatory change in the U.S. CAFE penalty, without of which credit revenue would have declined compared to the same period last year.
     The energy business has continued to be impacted by macro conditions, more severely than the vehicle business.
     Our storage products, our need of chip supply and new import processes have impacted supply of certain components for our solar systems, which is reflected in our solar volume for the quarter.
     OpEx as a percentage of revenue continues to reduce, driven by higher revenue, lower stock-based comp expense and other items.
     As a result of our ongoing improvements in operating leverage, we achieved a record operating margin of over 19%.
     Note that commissioning costs for our factories are in R&D as Berlin started production in late March and Austin in early April.
     These costs will be in automotive costs going forward, given these factories are now producing customer sellable cars.
>>> Our free cash flows have remained quite strong, yet were impacted by working capital related to lower-than-planned production.
     Additionally, we have reduced our debt, excluding product financing, to nearly zero.
     Looking ahead in the immediate term, a few things to keep in mind for Q2.
     First, we’ve lost about a month of build volume out of our factory in Shanghai due to COVID-related shutdowns.
     Production is resuming at limited levels, and we’re working to get back to full production as quickly as possible.
     This will impact total build and delivery volume in Q2.
     Second, as I’ve mentioned before, Austin and Berlin are just starting their ramps.
     And thus, those inefficiencies will start to flow through our gross margins in Q2.
-----
2. [Sentence #384] [UNCERTAIN]
     It’s going to retard the growth of what is inherently a good thing that we can’t have that as an outcome.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question comes from Pierre Ferragu from New Street Research.
     Pierre Ferragu

Thanks.
     Can you hear me well?
     Martin Viecha

Yes.
     Pierre Ferragu

Great.
>>> I’d like to ask you some questions about free cash flow.
     Do you -- so first, maybe in the long run, if you look at your performance and your growth model and your growth ambitions, I did the math very quick.
     And I see you guys sitting on $400 billion or maybe $500 billion of cash at the end of the decade.
     And I was wondering if it’s something you have given some thoughts about.
     Elon Musk

If inflation keeps going crazy, $500 billion might be like $20 billion today.
     I don’t know.
     So, we’ll see what $500 billion buys you in a decade, but it might be a lot less.
     So, I don’t know if we’ll -- that seems like a lot of cash.
-----
3. [Sentence #48] [UNCERTAIN]
     I want to conclude by thanking the Tesla team, our suppliers and our new customers for a great first quarter.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     And Elon has some opening remarks as well.
     Elon Musk

Sure.
     Some of my remarks will be redundant with Zach’s, but it’s maybe worth repeating.
     Q1 was once again a record quarter on many levels, by reaching the highest deliveries, profit and an operating margin of 19%.
     This was despite a lot of chip shortages, many logistics challenges and an overall difficult quarter.
>>> So, I’d really like to congratulate the Tesla team on achieving record profitability and output despite many, many difficult headwinds, and especially the Tesla China team in our Shanghai factory.
     They really had significant challenges due to the COVID shutdown and nonetheless have been able to output a tremendous number of high-quality vehicles.
     And we are already back up and running with the Shanghai factory.
     So, as Zach said, we remain confident of a 50% growth in vehicle production in 2022 versus ‘21.
     I think, we actually have a reasonable shot at a 60% increase over last year.
     So, let’s see.
     Obviously, we ramped production, as you will know, with Giga Berlin and Giga Texas in the past few months.
     So, with two fantastic factories with great teams, and they are ramping rapidly.
-----
4. [Sentence #87] [PLAN]
     So, we expect batteries and solar to also grow well this year.
     And basically, the future is very exciting.
     I’ve never been more optimistic or excited about Tesla’s future than I am right now.
     Thank you.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     Let’s go to first investor question.
     And the first investor question is, Elon has historically provided FSD time lines with not optimal accuracy.
>>> We love his optimism for 2022 release, but is there any data Tesla can share with investors to help them make their own conclusions on progress being made?
     Interventions per mile driven, or any other data?
     Elon Musk

Sure.
     Well, with respect to full self-driving, of any technology development I’ve ever been involved in, I’ve never really seen more kind of false dawns or where it seems like we’re going to break through, but we don’t, as I’ve seen in full self-driving.
     And ultimately, what it comes down to is that to solve full self-driving, you actually have to solve real-world artificial intelligence, which is -- which nobody has solved.
     The whole road system is made for biological neural nets and eyes.
     And so, actually, when you think about it, in order to solve for full self-driving, we have to solve neural nets and cameras to a degree of capability that is on par with or really exceeds humans.
     And I think we will achieve that this year.
-----

Total context windows: 4
