[TSLA_Q1_2022] Has Tesla’s Autopilot and FSD take rate increased globally between 2019 and 2024, and did they achieve profitability from FSD as predicted?

1. [Sentence #527] [UNCERTAIN]
     And so, with those states, we are a fully vertically integrated provider of insurance from systems and financials.
     With respect to the financials of the program, it’s still very early.
     And so, as the program gets more scale, happy to share more information on that.
     Elon Musk

And ones I noticed that we are seeing that the -- having real-time feedback for driving habits is actually resulting in Tesla owners driving the cars in a safer way because they can see the -- they get real-time feedback on, okay, this is affecting my insurance rate or it isn’t.
     And so, when people see it -- they can see a real-time score, they realize, if I make the following changes in my driving habits, then I pay less in insurance, then they have a very -- like a real-time feedback loop for driving for safer driving and an incentive to do so.
     So, it is -- actually, what we’re seeing is it is causing people to drive their cars in a safer manner, which is also net good.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

It’s safer on average, what we see in the data, to Elon’s point, and premiums are lower.
>>> We see that in the take rate data, we have extremely high retention for customers who experience the product.
     And I think I’ve talked about this in the past, but this has become a real passion program for us for these benefits.
     It’s bigger than just the economics.
     We’re trying to do a good thing here for our customers, save people money and make the roads a little bit safer.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     I think it improves just overall macroeconomic efficiency.
     It’s also a feedback loop for Tesla because we see if there is crash, both large or small, like we sort of see exactly what that caused.
     And then we think about how can we change the design of the car or the software in order to minimize the probability of that accident.
-----
2. [Sentence #507] [UNCERTAIN]
     Zachary Kirkhorn

And we’re going faster on adding chargers.
     With the growth of the cars that we’re producing and then anticipating what you were discussing, overall charger capacity is really important.
     And so, the pace of our investment in supercharging has accelerated.
     Elon Musk

Absolutely.
     Mark Delaney

Okay.
     That’s helpful.
     And for my second question, could you share any more details on Tesla Insurance, in particular, as you roll it out in more states.
>>> Are there any metrics you can share on what take rates have been like?
     And how do profitability margins on the insurance offering compared to the corporate average?
     Thank you.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

So, we just launched Tesla Insurance for real-time insurance in Virginia, Colorado and Oregon earlier this week.
     Maybe one step that I’ll share.
     So, Texas is our longest-standing real-time insurance market.
     But based upon the information that we have, Tesla is the second largest insurer of Teslas in the State of Texas.
     And possibly by the end of this quarter, maybe early next quarter, we’ll be the largest insurer of Teslas.
-----
3. [Sentence #119] [UNCERTAIN]
     And then, Model 3.
     It’s important for new factories to be focused on -- and have the least amount of complexity and variation, which is why Giga Berlin and Giga Texas are focused on the Model Y. It’s -- from the point in which you have a factory complete and you’re making a small number of units to the point where it’s producing high-quality vehicles in volume is sort of 9 to 12 months from start of production.
     So, now hopefully, we’re getting better at that ramp, so maybe it’s a little less.
     But to get to sort of the 5,000 a week level has typically taken us around 12 months from start of production.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question is, how much raw material exposure do you have, measured roughly in percentage of cost of goods sold for example, in a given quarter versus one to two years out, both direct and indirect?
     Separately, how do you think about price increases versus prioritizing higher mix vehicles going forward?
>>> Elon Musk

Actually, on the price increase front, I should mention that it may seem like maybe we’re being unreasonable about increasing the prices of our vehicles, given that we had record profitability this quarter, but the wait list for our vehicles is quite long.
     And some of the vehicles that people will order, the wait list extends into next year.
     So, our prices of vehicles ordered now are really anticipating supplier and logistics cost growth that we’re aware of and believe will happen over the next 6 to 12 months.
     So, that’s why we have the price increases today because the car ordered today will arrive, in some cases, a year from now.
     So, we have a very long wait list, and we’re obviously not demand-limited.
     We are production-limited by -- very much production-limited.
     Martin Viecha

Raw material exposure?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes.
-----

Total context windows: 3
