[TSLA_Q1_2023] tesla cost of cybertruck from 2021-2023

1. [Sentence #175] [UNCERTAIN]
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

So this is our approach.
     How that nets out, I mean, just a lot of risk, and we'll have to see how the year progresses.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question is, how has global order intake tracked since the most recent round of price cuts?
     Elon Musk

I think the overall thing we can say is that orders are in excess of production.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
>>> And maybe the last question from investors, can you give updated specs and pricing for Cybertruck and any new features that will make it to production?
     Elon Musk

Well, I think we'll save that for the Cybertruck handover, which will hopefully be around the end of Q3 this year.
     And one thing I am confident of saying is that, it's an incredible product, it's a hall of famer, I think.
     And a product like this only comes once in a long while.
     So it will not be disappointed at all.
     It's amazing.
     Martin Viecha

Great.
     Thank you very much.
-----
2. [Sentence #141] [PLAN]
     We do believe structural as a concept is a good one.
     It's simpler.
     We'll continue to structurally load the cells and use the pack as the floor of the vehicle while iterating the design to closer to B-level execution of this A-level architecture in future programs.
     And zooming out for the 4680 team, Q1 was all about cost and quality.
     We made significant improvements in both areas.
     Texas production increased 50% quarter-over-quarter through yields increased 12% and [Indiscernible] peak rate increased by 20% and through yields improved by 20%.
     Altogether, the team accomplished a 25% reduction in COGS over the quarter, and we are on track to achieve steady-state cost targets over the next 12 months.
>>> And going forward for the rest of the year, the priority, one, is yielding cost for the 4680 program as we steadily ramp production ahead of Cybertruck next year.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     The next question is, what do you anticipate 2023 automotive gross margins ex credits will be at the company's current pricing levels?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes, I can start off on this one.
     This is a difficult environment to make a projection like this.
     There's a lot of macro uncertainty.
     There's also headwinds and tailwinds.
     And this is basically a question I think that's asking about viewpoint on where costs will go.
-----
3. [Sentence #71] [PLAN]
     As I've mentioned previously, this results in lower deliveries and production within a quarter due to a higher volume of cars in transit at the end of the quarter and has an associated impact on quarter-ending free cash flows.
     This was particularly prevalent in Q1 for S and X as we begin exporting cars for international deliveries.
     Second, our storage business is starting to take shape, and this is exciting to see after many years of investment and focus.
     This business is growing as a percentage of the businesses of the company's revenue and reached its highest level yet in Q1, driven by an increasing rate of deliveries for our Megapack products.
     We are also making progress on storage profitability, generating our highest gross profit yet in the quarter.
     Third, I want to reiterate the philosophy by which we're operating the business this year.
     Our approach is to grow volumes as quickly as possible in both our vehicle and energy businesses.
>>> We plan to continue to invest heavily into our future plans, which include the Cybertruck next-generation platform, in-house cell production, energy storage business and our autonomy and AI-enabled products.
     And we plan to do this while keeping the business financially healthy and industry leading.
     To accomplish this, we need to remain focused on cost efficiency and working capital and in particular, unwinding the strategic inventory buildup left over from the pandemic.
     I want to conclude by thanking the Tesla team again, as well as thanking our suppliers and our customers.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     And let's go to investor questions on say.com.
     The first one is what is the process to make auto pricing adjustments?
     What variables do you consider?
-----
4. [Sentence #27] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     However, we expect our vehicles, over time, will be able to generate significant profit through autonomy.
     So we do believe we're like laying the groundwork here, and then it's better to ship a large number of cars at a lower margin, and subsequently, harvest that margin in the future as we perfect autonomy.
     This is an extremely important point.
     Let's see.
     Regarding the Cybertruck, we continue to build Alpha versions of the Cybertruck on our pilot line for testing purposes.
     It's a great product, and we're completing the installation of the volume production line at Giga Texas, and we're anticipating having delivery event, a great delivery event probably in Q3.
     As with all new products, it will follow an S curve, so production starts out slow and then accelerates.
>>> So the Cybertruck is no different.
     So it's -- there's [Indiscernible] amount of demand for the product, obviously.
     And it is my view, a fantastic product, a hall of famer.
     But as with all new products, it takes time to get the manufacturing line going.
     And this is really a very radical product.
     It's not made in the way that other cars are made.
     So with regard to Megapack, we're making great progress.
     Our energy storage deployment reached nearly 4 gigawatt hours in Q1.
-----

Total context windows: 4
