[TSLA_Q3_2022] tesla cost of cybertruck from 2021-2023

1. [Sentence #165] [PLAN]
     Even if production did go down for a period of time, this is on near term, it doesn’t have any impact on the long term of the Company.
     Elon Musk

But we don’t -- we have no indication whatsoever that we will have to cut our production in Germany.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

No.
     And we put in place backup plans, and we’re working through the supply chain as well.
     Nearly all of our suppliers are prepared as well.
     So, we’ll see how this plays out, but it’s not something that we’re terribly worried about.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
>>> And the next question is, “How is production planning going for the Cybertruck?
     What is the initial Phase 1 production target?
     When can we expect an update on pricing and final design?”

Unidentified Company Representative

I mean, as Elon said earlier, we’d be -- facilities preparations here in Giga Texas for Cybertruck.
     We’re still on track to enter early production in the middle of next year.
     We started our data builds of all of the battery body in existing...

Elon Musk

When should I drop my beta?
     Unidentified Company Representative

In a few weeks.
     That’s going well, and we continue ramping up through the end of next year and into 2023.
     Elon Musk

Great.
-----
2. [Sentence #509] [PLAN]
     Elon Musk

Before incentive.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     And the next question comes from Toni Sacconaghi from Bernstein.
     Toni Sacconaghi

I just wanted to follow up on the 4680 cells and where we are seeing them deployed today.
     So, are those in the Semis that are being delivered on December 1st?
     Are we seeing them in Model Ys that are being produced out of Austin?
     And is -- do you anticipate 4680 being a gating factor for Cybertruck ramp later this year?
>>> And how do you balance the need for 4680 across Semi, Cybertruck and potentially Model Y in 2023?
     And I have a follow-up, please.
     Elon Musk

Okay.
     The Semi doesn’t use 4680s.
     Yes.
     We are making Model Ys.
     Some of the Model Ys coming out of Giga Texas are 4680.
     And I think, Drew, the car you drive around is 4680 Model Y?
-----
3. [Sentence #429] [PLAN]
     And actually we’ve got front windshield.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes.
     And so what -- at least of what we know so far, the peak on the commodity side in Q3 -- I say peak, hopefully, it stays the peak, hopefully, it starts to come down.
     There is a small amount of production that we’re seeing going into our Q4 cost structure from steel and aluminum primarily, but it’s less than 10% of the total increases we’ve seen so far.
     So we’re optimistic here based upon what we’re seeing on the indexes for some of our cost structure that this will start to come in over time.
     But I just want to set expectations that there’s not some windfall of cost reduction in this space coming in Q4, maybe some as we go into next year.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
>>> We’ll probably see some cost reduction in 2023.
     I’ll be surprised if we did not.
     George Gianarikas

And just as a follow-up, this is for Elon.
     With your pending acquisition of Twitter and your stakes in SpaceX and Neuralink and Tesla, how much would the combined companies benefit from operating under a single super structure, if at all, like a Google Alphabet?
     Elon Musk

It’s not clear to me what the overlap is.
     It’s not zero, but it’s -- I think we’re reaching.
     I’m not worried about it.
     I’m not an investor.
-----

Total context windows: 3
