[TSLA_Q1_2022] Between 2020 and 2024, did Tesla meet its guidance for year-over-year revenue growth and operating leverage improvement?

1. [Sentence #64] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     So, I have very high confidence in the teams of both factories.
     And we expect to ramp those initially slowly, but like I said, growing exponentially with them achieving high volume by the end of this year.
     So, we’re also working on a new vehicle that I alluded to at the Giga Texas opening, which is a dedicated robotaxi.
     That’s highly optimized for autonomy, meaning it would not have steering wheel or pedals.
     And there are a number of other innovations around it that I think are quite exciting.
     That is fundamentally optimized for -- trying to achieve the lowest fully considered cost per mile or cost per kilometer, accounting everything.
     And so, it’s, I think, going to be a very powerful product where we aspire to reach volume production of that in 2024.
>>> So, I think that really will be a massive driver of Tesla’s growth.
     And we remain on track to reach volume production of the Cybertruck next year.
     So, it’s basically -- once again, I’d like to thank the Tesla employees for their hard work, but also I’d like to thank our suppliers who’ve really gone the extra mile.
     They -- we have an amazing supplier group, and I want say heartfelt thanks to the suppliers that have really worked day and night to ensure that Tesla is able to keep the factories running.
     And we’re really at the early stage of that journey.
     We only crossed 1 million units in the past 12 months recently.
     And we are -- we aspire to head to 20 million units a year.
     So, we’re basically 5% along the way towards our goal.
-----
2. [Sentence #28] [PLAN]
     Factory shutdowns also occurred with little to no notice.
     Hence, we are unable to take action to plan those interruptions in a cost-efficient manner.
     Additionally, we saw a slight mix shift towards more profitable vehicles, including the Model Y.
     We also recognized a onetime benefit of $288 million from credit revenue relating to a regulatory change in the U.S. CAFE penalty, without of which credit revenue would have declined compared to the same period last year.
     The energy business has continued to be impacted by macro conditions, more severely than the vehicle business.
     Our storage products, our need of chip supply and new import processes have impacted supply of certain components for our solar systems, which is reflected in our solar volume for the quarter.
     OpEx as a percentage of revenue continues to reduce, driven by higher revenue, lower stock-based comp expense and other items.
>>> As a result of our ongoing improvements in operating leverage, we achieved a record operating margin of over 19%.
     Note that commissioning costs for our factories are in R&D as Berlin started production in late March and Austin in early April.
     These costs will be in automotive costs going forward, given these factories are now producing customer sellable cars.
     Our free cash flows have remained quite strong, yet were impacted by working capital related to lower-than-planned production.
     Additionally, we have reduced our debt, excluding product financing, to nearly zero.
     Looking ahead in the immediate term, a few things to keep in mind for Q2.
     First, we’ve lost about a month of build volume out of our factory in Shanghai due to COVID-related shutdowns.
     Production is resuming at limited levels, and we’re working to get back to full production as quickly as possible.
-----
3. [Sentence #87] [PLAN]
     So, we expect batteries and solar to also grow well this year.
     And basically, the future is very exciting.
     I’ve never been more optimistic or excited about Tesla’s future than I am right now.
     Thank you.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     Let’s go to first investor question.
     And the first investor question is, Elon has historically provided FSD time lines with not optimal accuracy.
>>> We love his optimism for 2022 release, but is there any data Tesla can share with investors to help them make their own conclusions on progress being made?
     Interventions per mile driven, or any other data?
     Elon Musk

Sure.
     Well, with respect to full self-driving, of any technology development I’ve ever been involved in, I’ve never really seen more kind of false dawns or where it seems like we’re going to break through, but we don’t, as I’ve seen in full self-driving.
     And ultimately, what it comes down to is that to solve full self-driving, you actually have to solve real-world artificial intelligence, which is -- which nobody has solved.
     The whole road system is made for biological neural nets and eyes.
     And so, actually, when you think about it, in order to solve for full self-driving, we have to solve neural nets and cameras to a degree of capability that is on par with or really exceeds humans.
     And I think we will achieve that this year.
-----

Total context windows: 3
