[TSLA_Q2_2021] Between 2020 and 2024, did Tesla meet its guidance for year-over-year revenue growth and operating leverage improvement?

1. [Sentence #103] [PLAN]
     This is in spite of the costs mentioned for SNX and expedites and a reduction in global ASPs as our cost structure as a company is reducing at an even faster pace.
     So as we look out over the course of the year, we feel optimistic about our gross margin strength, particularly as some of these headwinds we are experiencing start to be resolved.
     On Services and other margins, these have recovered and are trending towards profitability, aided by strength in the used car business, operational improvements in service and additional service revenue opportunities that help absorb fixed overheads.
     On energy gross margins, these remained negative for a second quarter.
     This was driven by Solar Roof-related ramp costs and winter seasonality in the lease BPA business.
     We continue to manage through a multi-quarter backlog on Powerwall.
     We are working as fast as we can to increase production and this will aid in profitability of this business as those volumes increase.
>>> On operating expenses, these increased for Q1, which was driven by our investments in technology and growth.
     In particular for R&D, this includes the structural battery pack and 4680 cells, investments in the new SNX, and our neural net and silicon investments.
     On the SG&A side, we are setting up infrastructure and support for both China and EMEA in anticipation of volume to come there.
     And as I have said before, our plans show that we remain on track for sustained industry-leading operating margins.
     Double clicking on cash flows, we continue to generate positive free cash flows and this was despite the significant working capital headwinds from SNX.
     Additionally, we are making progress reducing various forms of debt.
     We also invested $1.5 billion in Bitcoin during the quarter, then trimmed our position by 10%, which contributed to a small gain in our Q1 financials.
     Taking a step back, we have generated $8 billion in operating cash flows and $4 billion in free cash flows over the past four quarters.
-----

Total context windows: 1
