[VST_Q1_2025_transcript [Transcript]] Comanche Peak

1. [Sentence #128] [PLAN]
     We expect to provide guidance for 2026 later in the year, likely on our third quarter call.
     As always, our guidance and near-term outlook remain supported by our comprehensive hedging program.
     For 2025, our gross margin remains highly hedged, with approximately 100% of our expected generation already sold.
     For 2026, our hedge ratio increased from approximately 80% to approximately 90% as our commercial team took advantage of market opportunities.
     Finally, turning to Slide 11, we provide an update on the execution of our capital allocation plan.
     Since beginning the program in November 2021, we have reduced our shares outstanding by approximately 30%, repurchasing approximately 163 million shares at an average price per share of just under $32.
     This reduction has notably led to a 49% increase in our dividend per share since the dividend paid in Q4 2021 to the dividend paid in Q1 2025.
     Regarding our balance sheet, Vistra's net leverage ratio currently sits just under 3x adjusted EBITDA in line with our long-term target of below 3x.
     In terms of future capital deployment, we will maintain a disciplined approach towards further deleveraging, investment for growth, and shareholder return.
     We expect to invest just over $700 million on solar and energy storage projects in 2025, including the previously discussed solar projects supported by contracts with Amazon and Microsoft, along with our Newton site, which we began preparing for construction this quarter.
     Based on our current project pipeline, we anticipate a reduction in solar and energy storage development CapEx for 2026, subject to change with any new offtake agreements.
     As a reminder, we expect to fund a significant portion of our growth expenditures with third-party capital, including non-recourse loans.
     We continue to believe these projects are a great opportunity to leverage existing sites to increase the proportion of our contracted EBITDA at attractive returns while limiting the impact of our cash available for allocation.
     Lastly, we believe Vistra continues to be well-positioned to create sustained long-term value.
     The resilience of our business is evident in our strong results and reaffirmed earnings outlook amidst increased market volatility.
     Our team is focused on our core mission of lighting up lives and powering a better way forward.
     We remain confident in our ability to be part of the solution to address our country's growing power demand in the coming years, and we look forward to the months and years ahead.
     With that, operator, we're ready to open the line for questions.
     Question-and-Answer Session

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
     Please go ahead with your question.
     Shahriar Pourreza

Hey guys, good morning.
     Jim Burke

Hey, Shar, good morning.
     Shahriar Pourreza

Good morning, Jim.
     Jim, I couldn't get a sense on the preparations [ph].
>>> Just on Comanche Peak, deal conversations, are you waiting specifically for co-locations at this point or could you be moving ahead with front of the meter and virtual PPAs in the interim?
     And the reason why I ask is one of your peers noted yesterday that FOM and BTM pricing is harmonizing in their customer conversations, which I think is counter to what Vistra has been messaging in the past.
     So just a little bit of a sense there, thanks.
     Jim Burke

Sure.
     Well, Shar, I think what I've tried to mention on previous calls, and I know we've covered a lot of ground, really, for the past year's worth of calls, that no two deals really are going to look alike.
     I think the customer needs really dictate that.
     And for some areas of the country, the front of the meter may actually be as good of an opportunity set as co-location.
     From our perspective, when we've looked at the deals that we're working on with many customers, they're still looking at co-location as a potential speed advantage.
     And again, that's going to depend on which part of the country and how clear are the rules.
     I think from our team's perspective, the activity level has not slowed down.
     We remain very engaged with a number of these opportunities and we're very pleased with the progress we're making.
     There is still a desire for clarity because as we mentioned on previous calls, you have to contract through these deals, which are long-term deals, 10 to 20 years, and new contracts need to anticipate how rules and regulations are going to play out.
     So to the extent the rules and regulations can become clearer, it'll make the ease of contracting these, I think, a little bit more straightforward.
     As far as pricing, a lot of these customers look at alternatives around the country.
     So what is the next best alternative to either a front of the meter location or co-location with existing assets?
     And that includes co-location potentially with even new assets, all of that creates a price spectrum.
     And I think we've talked about the fact that there is going to be a spectrum of prices out there.
     I don't think there's enough deals signed to say that one deal is going to equal another deal because there just really, frankly, haven't been that many deals announced.
     And so I think it's too early to say that front of the meter and behind the meter is harmonizing from our perspective, but I also think no two deals are going to look exactly the same.
     And I don't think we should expect that.
     These are sophisticated customers.
     The markets all have different nuances in terms of their design and their ability to deliver for the customer.
     And I think our ability to price that is going to be our ability to work with that customer that we can meet their needs.
     And so what I'm excited about is that the hyperscalers have either reaffirmed or increased their CapEx.
     So we're still talking about nearly $2 trillion between now and 2030 that the major four players intend to spend.
-----
2. [Sentence #167] [PLAN]
     And that includes co-location potentially with even new assets, all of that creates a price spectrum.
     And I think we've talked about the fact that there is going to be a spectrum of prices out there.
     I don't think there's enough deals signed to say that one deal is going to equal another deal because there just really, frankly, haven't been that many deals announced.
     And so I think it's too early to say that front of the meter and behind the meter is harmonizing from our perspective, but I also think no two deals are going to look exactly the same.
     And I don't think we should expect that.
     These are sophisticated customers.
     The markets all have different nuances in terms of their design and their ability to deliver for the customer.
     And I think our ability to price that is going to be our ability to work with that customer that we can meet their needs.
     And so what I'm excited about is that the hyperscalers have either reaffirmed or increased their CapEx.
     So we're still talking about nearly $2 trillion between now and 2030 that the major four players intend to spend.
     And the administration is prioritizing AI.
     They're setting a tone that we've got to win the AI race.
     So we've got to make co-location work.
     We've got to make front of the meter work.
     We need to be able to build new assets as well as utilize existing ones.
     And so that's how we're approaching it, sure.
     Shahriar Pourreza

Got it.
     That's actually very consistent in the past.
     And then, Jim, just lastly, I know this is not an easy question to answer, but just on general deal timeline at this point, does SB6 finalization, does that unlock a Comanche deal?
     Jim Burke

I think SB6, the end result of SB6 will unlock a lot of things.
     We don't know how SB6 is going to frankly turn out.
     I mean, there's a hearing today.
     It's the first time it's being picked up in the House.
     And as we've covered in previous calls, Texas could attract a lot of load if we're able to lay out clear rules and regulations.
>>> And I think that could unlock a Comanche Peak deal, but I think it could unlock a lot of deals, including front of the meter deals.
     SB6 deals with both.
     And so we're active on SB6 as are our peers, as is the large customer coalition is very active on this.
     So the session ends in early June.
     The goal obviously would be to get clarity around that time frame and I would expect that you will see some things announced shortly thereafter with the view that the deal parameters and the kinds of things that folks are trying to contract around would become more clear.
     Shahriar Pourreza

Got it.
     Perfect.
     Thanks again, Jim.
     Very helpful color.
     Appreciate it as always.
     Jim Burke

Thank you, Shar.
     Operator

Our next question comes from Julian Dumoulin-Smith from Jefferies LLC.
     Please go ahead with your question.
     Julian Dumoulin-Smith

Hey, good morning, team.
     Thank you guys very much.
     Appreciate the time.
     Guys, maybe just to follow-up a little bit here on what you guys are saying about '26 here and $7 billion.
     Can you guys comment briefly on '27?
     I mean, the curve has been moving around.
     Obviously, the opportunities that you guys are seeing also moving around, but -- any shall we say initial commentary that you guys would really be willing to provide?
     Jim Burke

Julian, it has been I think I use the word turbulent in the prepared remark.
     So it is moving around.
     I think the good news is that that turbulence has showed strength before some of the concerns around the economy, and that has bounced back.
     And so our team has been actively hedging, as you've heard the update that Chris gave.
     And I think I mentioned on the last call, and Chris was giving a nod to this in his remarks, '26 is looking strong and we see '27 and even '28.
-----

Total context windows: 2
