[TSLA_Q2_2024] from 2022 to 2024 tell me about Production plans for FSD Fullselfdriving

1. [Sentence #77] [PLAN]
     These programs had an impact on revenue per unit in the quarter.
     These impacts will persist into Q3 as we have already launched similar programs.
     We are now offering extremely competitive financing rates in most parts of the world.
     This is the best time to buy a Tesla, I mean, if you are waiting on the sidelines, come out and get your car.
     We had a record quarter on regulatory credits, revenues, and as well.
     On net, our auto margins remained flat sequentially.
     It is important to note that the demand for regulatory credits is dependent on other OEMs plans for the kind of vehicles they are manufacturing and selling as well as changes in regulations.
     We pride ourselves to be the company with the most American-made cars and are continuing our journey to further localize our supply chain, not just in the U.S., but in Europe and China as well for the respective factories.
     As always, our focus is on providing the most compelling products at a reasonable price.
     We have stepped up our efforts to provide more trims that have estimated range of more than 300 miles on a single charge.
     We believe this, along with the expansion of our supercharging network, is the right strategy to combat range anxiety.
>>> Since the revision of FSD pricing in North America, we've seen production rates increase meaningfully and expect this to be a driver of vehicle sales as the feature set improves further.
     Cost per vehicle declined sequentially when we removed the impact of Cybertruck.
     While we are experiencing material costs trending down, note that there is latency on the cost side and such reductions would show up in the P&L when the vehicles built with these materials get delivered.
     Additionally, as we get into the second half of the year, it is important to note that we are still ramping Cybertruck and Model 3 and are also getting impacted by varying amounts of tariffs on both raw materials and finished goods.
     While our teams are working feverishly to offset these, unfortunately it may have an impact on the cost in the near-term.
     We previously talked about the potential of the energy business and now feel excited that the foundation that was laid over time is bearing the expected results.
     Energy storage deployments more than doubled with contribution not just from Megapack, but also Powerwall, resulting in record revenues and profit for the energy business.
     Energy storage backlog is strong.
     As discussed before, deployments will fluctuate from period to period with some quarters seeing large increases and others seeing a decline.
     Recognition of storage gigawatt hours is dependent on a variety of factors, including logistics timing as we send units from a single factory to markets across the world, customer readiness and in case of EPC projects on construction activities.
     Moving on to the other parts of the business, service and other gross profits also improved sequentially from the improvement in service utilization and growth in our collision repair business.
     The impact of our recent reorg is reflected in restructuring other - on the income statement.
-----

Total context windows: 1
