[TSLA_Q1_2022] What did Tesla say about battery cell costs in 2022?

1. [Sentence #425] [UNCERTAIN]
     Elon Musk

I mean, the entire rear -- kind of half of the car is one cast.
     Lars Moravy

So, with the Cybertruck and the doors, for example, we have an exoskeleton design where the door is ready to take and it takes all the long-term impact.
     So, we really have -- like we don’t have the door reinforcements.
     We don’t have the [Technical Difficulty].
     So, to your point, I haven’t counted them because I don’t often look back at old technologies to decide how well I’m doing.
     I check that once in a while.
     But in general, architecture is always moving to reduce complexity, reduce parts or reduce parts count.
>>> I would say, ignoring the battery cells, we are probably 20% to 30% less.
     Elon Musk

All right.
     Martin Viecha

Okay.
     Elon Musk

Do we expect to expand?
     Yes, we do expect to expand Giga Nevada.
     There’s a lot of room for expansion there, and we do expect to increase output from Nevada, but by far, the biggest increase in output will be from Giga Texas.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     The next question comes from Alex Potter from Piper Sandler.
-----
2. [Sentence #272] [UNCERTAIN]
     Elon Musk

Well, Berlin is using the 2170 nonstructural pack.
     So, they’re not constrained by 4680.
     They will transition to 4680 hopefully later this year, but current billing production does not to require that.
     We also have, just as a risk mitigation, 2170 nonstructural pack capability in -- here at Giga Texas as well.
     But -- if things go according to plan, we will be in volume production with 4680 sometime perhaps towards the end of the third quarter and certainly in the fourth quarter.
     Is that accurate?
     Andrew Baglino

Yes.
>>> And the other thing I would add is like with the China COVID shutdown and the semiconductor bottlenecks we had through Q4 and hence a little bit in Q1, we have sizable cell inventory at the moment, and excess cells to support the 2022 volume targets you described.
     So, that gives us the ability to be pretty deliberate in the 4680 ramp where we can maximize learning step by step, take engineering downtime to upgrade key pieces of equipment and modify the structural pack design to improve reliability, all while achieving what you just said, so.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     4680 output is not a risk to achieving 1.5 million vehicles produced this year, but it would become a risk next year if we do not solve volume production by early 2023, but we’re highly confident of doing so.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     Let’s go to analyst questions now.
     The first question comes from Dan Levy from CSFB.
     Please go ahead and unmute yourself.
-----
3. [Sentence #347] [UNCERTAIN]
     That is the fundamental limiting factor.
     So, in order -- and that will move as fast as the slowest, least lucky element of the whole supply chain.
     Currently, we see that as being a challenge with lithium.
     And it’s not that -- to be clear, it’s not that there’s a shortage of lithium ore in the world.
     Lithium is present almost everywhere.
     It’s a very common element.
     However, you still need to take up the ore -- take up basically sludge or whatever the clay with the lithium and then you need to go through a whole series of refinement steps.
>>> And that’s a lot of industrial equipment that’s needed to refine lithium ore to lithium that can be used as lithium hydroxide or lithium carbonate in the battery cell.
     So, we think we’re going to need to help the industry on this front, but the -- I mean, the industry is very fast.
     And I certainly encourage entrepreneurs out there who are looking for opportunities to get into the lithium business.
     The lithium margins right now are practically software margins.
     I mean, if the -- I think it’s something -- I think there’s a -- I mean, -- correct me if I’m wrong, but I think we’re seeing cases where the spot lithium price is 10 times higher than the cost of extraction.
     So, like we’re talking 19% margins here.
     Can some -- can more people please get into the lithium business?
     It’s -- do you like minting money?
-----

Total context windows: 3
