[TSLA_Q3_2023] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #21] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     This is the end-to-end AI where it’s photon count in, controls out.
     Really you can think of it as there’s just a large bitstream coming in and a tiny bitstream going out, compressing reality into a very small set of outputs, which is actually kind of how humans work.
     The vast majority of human data input is optics from our eyes.
     And so, we are like the car, photons in, controls out with neural nets, just neural nets in the middle.
     So, interesting to think about that.
     We’ll continue to invest significantly in AI development, as this is really the mass game changer.
     And I mean success in this regard in the long-term I think has the potential to make Tesla the most valuable company in the world by far.
     If you have fully autonomous cars at scale and fully autonomous humanoid robots that are truly useful, it’s not clear what the limit is.
     Regarding energy storage, we deployed 4 gigawatt hours of energy of storage products in Q3.
     And as this business grows, the energy division is becoming our highest margin business.
     Energy and service now contribute over $0.5 billion to quarterly profit.
     The Cybertruck, I know a lot of people are excited about the Cybertruck.
     I am too.
     I’ve driven the car.
     It’s an amazing product.
>>> I do want to emphasize that there will be enormous challenges in reaching volume production with the Cybertruck, and then in making a Cybertruck cash flow positive.
     This is simply normal for when you’ve got a product with a lot of new technology or any new vehicle, brand new vehicle program, but especially one that is as different and advanced as the Cybertruck, you will have problems proportionate to how many new things you’re trying to solve at scale.
     So, I just want to emphasize that while I think this is potentially our best product ever and I think it is our best product ever, it is going to be -- require immense work to reach volume production and be cash flow positive at a price that people can afford.
     Often people do not understand what is truly hard.
     That’s why I say prototypes are easy, production is hard.
     People think it’s the idea, or you make a prototype, you design a car.
     And as soon as they’re designing a car, it’s just anyone can do it, it does require taste, it does require effort to design a prototype.
     But it’s difficult to going from a prototype to volume production, it’s like 10,000% harder to get to volume production than to make a prototype in the first place, and then it is even harder than that to reach positive cash flow.
     That is why there have not been new car startups that have been successful for a 100 years apart from Tesla.
     So, I just want to temper expectations for Cybertruck.
     It’s a great product, but financially it will take, I don’t know, a year to 18 months before it is a significant positive cash flow contributor.
     I wish there was some way for that to be different, but that’s my best guess.
     The demand is off the charts.
     We have over 1 million people who’ve reserved the car.
     So it’s not a demand issue, but we have to make it and we need to make it at a price that people can afford, insanely difficult things.
     In conclusion, we continue to focus on ramping production while maintaining positive cash flow and we continue to target -- expect to have around 1.8 million vehicle deliveries, as stated earlier this year.
-----
2. [Sentence #91] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     Now, I can say that -- if you say, well, where will things end up?
     I think we’ll end up with roughly a 0.25 million Cybertrucks a year, I don’t think we’re going to reach that output rate next year.
     I think we’ll probably reach it sometime in 2025.
     That’s my best guess.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The second question is, can you provide a progress update on the 4680 cell, particularly progress towards performance improvements and cost savings outlined on Battery Day?
     Thank you.
     Unidentified Company Representative

Sure thing, Martin.
     4680 cell production in Texas increased 40% quarter-over-quarter.
     Congrats to the Texas team for producing their 20 million cell off of line one.
     Texas is now our primary 4680 facility.
     We’re heavily focused on quality.
     Scrap is down 40% quarter-over-quarter.
     With the increased volume and yield improvements, cell costs consistently improved month-over-month within the quarter, although we have a lot more work to do to achieve our steady state goals.
     And that is our priority.
>>> The Cybertruck cell with 10% higher energy than our Model Y cell started production on line two in Texas.
     This quarter we convert to building a 100% Cybertruck cells to simplify and focus the factory as we ramp all four lines in Phase 1 over the next three quarters.
     Phase 2 of the Texas 4680 facility is currently under construction.
     The additional four lines incorporate further capital efficiencies over Phase 1, and our target is for them to start producing in late 2024.
     Lastly, in Kato, we’re retooling to enable large scale pallet runs of our next generation cell designs.
     Kato’s long-term goal is to be the launch pad for new cells, one generation ahead of our mass production facilities, enabling faster iteration and smoother ramp ups of new designs.
     A – Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question from institutional investors.
     Could you please provide an update on capacity expansion plans for company’s factories in Berlin and Austin, and the opening schedule of Gigafactory Mexico?
     A – Unidentified Company Representative

Berlin and Austin factories, the current priority is actually maximize the output from our existing lines, by laser focus on efficiency improvement.
     As always, maintaining a high quality and the reducing per unit cost will be as critical as growing the production volume.
     For Mexico, we’re working on infrastructure and factory design in parallel with the engineering and development of the new production that we’ll be manufacturing there.
     That’s what I can share for now.
     Elon Musk

In Mexico we’re laying the groundwork to begin construction and doing all the long lead items.
     But I think we want to just get a sense for what the global economy is like before we go full tilt on the Mexico factory.
     I’m worried about the high interest rate environment that we’re in.
-----

Total context windows: 2
