[PM_Q1_2025_transcript [Transcript]] Nicotine pouch; Nicotine lozenge; Nicotine gum; Moist snuff; Dry snuff; Chewing tobacco; Snus; Heated tobacco; Dissolvable tobacco; Oral nicotine; Tobacco-free pouch; Herbal chew; Tobacco pellet; Nicotine stick; Nicotine disc; Compressed tablet; Oral dissolvable; Nicotine sachet; Tobacco plug; Plug chew; Twist chew; Loose leaf; smokeless

1. [Sentence #57] [PLAN]
     Very strong IQOS gross margin expansion reflects the powerful growth and scale effect of this large and growing business, manufacturing productivity, and a comparison benefit from higher device shipment in the prior year when ILUMA i was launched in Japan.
     On an organic basis, combustible net revenues and gross profit grew by plus 3.8% and plus 5.3% respectively.
     While pricing was strong and volume were positive, there was a notably negative geographic mix this quarter due to growth in markets such as Turkey and Egypt, in addition to the technical impact from Indonesia.
     We expect gross pricing and negative geographic mix to moderate over the rest of the year and target combustible gross margin expansion organically and in dollar terms.
     As expected, input cost headwinds eased compared to recent years and based on current assumption, we expect this to further improve in 2026.
     Taking a closer look at our volumes, shipment growth of plus 3.9% was primarily driven by our smoke-free business with all categories contributing positively and placing us on track for a fifth consecutive year of total volume growth.
     Smoke-free volumes grew by plus 14.4%, above our full year target range of plus 12% to plus 14%, reflecting very positive contribution from IQOS, ZYN, and VEEV.
>>> In addition to the growth of these three brands, which I covered earlier, I would also note that our oral smoke-free business includes US Moist Snuff and Scandinavian Snus, which declined modestly in the quarter.
     Despite this, oral smoke-free product shipment growth accelerated versus the prior quarter to plus 27%.
     Cigarette volumes were positive for the fourth consecutive quarter as we grew share in a modestly declining industry with continuous growth in markets where smoke-free products are not permitted, such as Turkey and India.
     You have heard us talk recently about our multi-category strategy for smoke-free products as we leverage on the strengths of the IQOS brand and commercial infrastructure in international markets to accelerate incremental growth from ZYN and VEEV.
     This is evidenced by our strong smoke-free portfolio results in Q1, with visible accretion across regions and markets.
     We have 46 markets with multiple smoke-free offerings, including 16 with all three PMI categories on offer.
     The execution of this three-pronged strategy is generating positive results in markets such as the Czech Republic, Romania, Switzerland and our global travel retail business, in addition to promising starts in the UK and Italy.
     It is also helping to bolster our position as a global smoke-free champion.
-----
2. [Sentence #27] [PLAN]
     In Q1, we delivered a very strong start to the year with all key elements of the business contributing strongly to deliver double-digit increases in organic net revenue, operating income, and adjusted diluted EPS in both constant currency and dollar terms.
     Our smoke-free business performed exceptionally well across all areas, with shipment volumes up plus 14.4% year-on-year, organic net revenue growth of plus 20%, and outstanding organic gross profit of plus 33%, as all three smoke-free categories extended gross margins.
     This was especially fueled by the rapid growth of ZYN and the continued volume momentum, operating leverage, and scale benefit of IQOS.
     Our smoke-free business now accounts for 44% of total gross profit as we continue to deploy our multi-category strategy across markets and broaden our growth opportunities.
     IQOS delivered close to plus 10% HTU-adjusted IMS growth, with continued strong performance both in Japan and Europe, despite the annualization impact of the EU characterizing flavor ban.
     We expect double-digit growth for the rest of the year.
     ZYN, once again, delivered strong growth in the US, with shipments increasing by an impressive plus 53% to reach 202 million cans, exceeding our initial expectations as demand remained strong and production capacity increased ahead of schedule in the latter part of March, enabling some initial replenishment of trade inventories.
>>> International nicotine pouch can volumes also grew by plus 53% or by plus 182%, excluding the Nordics, demonstrating the global dynamism of this emerging category.
     In e-vapor, VEEV Q1 performance was impressive, demonstrating its increasing contribution within our multi-category offering.
     Shipments more than doubled year-on-year and gross margin further expanded, driven by strong pod growth in Europe as we increase our distribution and commercial activity.
     Within combustible, overall volume growth, coupled with strong pricing and ongoing cost initiatives, drove a robust performance, despite notably negative geographic mix from increased volumes in lower margin markets.
     Overall, the very strong and increasingly profitable underlying growth of our smoke-free business was coupled with very solid combustible results and the added benefit of favorable shipment timing.
     This allowed us to deliver plus 16% organic operating income growth and plus 250 basis points of expansion in adjusted OI margin to reach 40.7% and resulted in strong double-digit adjusted diluted EPS growth in both currency neutral and dollar terms, despite currency headwinds.
     While it is early in the year and there are a number of uncertainties in the global economic outlook, we remain confident that we will achieve another year of super growth.
     As such, we now forecast double-digit adjusted diluted EPS growth at prevailing exchange rates.
-----

Total context windows: 2
