[TSLA_Q2_2024] How did the output capacity of Tesla’s Gigafactories change from 2020 to 2024, and did it match the capacity projections shared in earnings calls?

1. [Sentence #490] [UNCERTAIN]
     I think model Y3 and Y get IRA help for customers, and I think your batteries get production tax credits.
     So, just one, can you clarify if the end, if IRA ends, would it be a negative for your profitability in the near-term?
     Why might it not be a negative?
     And then, any framing of the current support you get, IRA-related?
     Elon Musk

I guess that there would be like some impact, but I think it would be devastating for our competitors.
     But -- and it would hurt Tesla slightly.
     But long-term probably actually helps Tesla would be my guess.
>>> Yes -- but I've said this before on earnings calls, it -- the value of Tesla overwhelmingly is autonomy.
     These other things are in the noise relative to autonomy.
     So I recommend anyone who doesn't believe that Tesla will solve vehicle autonomy should not hold Tesla stock.
     They should sell their Tesla stock.
     You should believe Tesla will solve autonomy, you should buy Tesla stock.
     And all these other questions are in the noise.
     Vaibhav Taneja

Yes, I mean, I'll add this just to clarify a few things that -- at the end of the day, when we are looking at our business, we've always been looking at it whether or not IRA is there and we want our business to grow healthy without having any subsidies coming in, whichever way you look at it.
     And that's the way we have always modeled everything.
-----
2. [Sentence #118] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     So I mean, based on the current trend, it seems as though we should get miles between interventions to be high enough that -- to be far enough in excess of humans that you could do unsupervised possibly by the end of this year.
     I would be shocked if we cannot do it next year.
     So next year seems highly probable to me based on [quite simply] (ph) plus the points of the curve of miles between intervention.
     That trend exceeds humans for sure next year, so yes.
     Travis Axelrod

Thank you very much.
     Our third question is, the Cybertruck is an iconic product that wows everyone who sees it.
     Do you have plans to expand the cyber vehicle lineup to a cyber SUV or cyber van?
>>> Elon Musk

I think we want to limit product announcements to when we have a special -- specific product announcement event, rather than earnings calls.
     Travis Axelrod

Great, thank you.
     Our next question is, what is the current status of 4680 battery cell production and how is the ramp up progressing?
     Lars Moravy

Yes, 4680 production ramped strongly in Q2, delivering 51% more cells than Q1 while reducing COGS significantly.
     We currently produce more than 1,400 Cybertrucks of 4680 cells per week, and we'll continue to ramp output as we drive cost down further towards the cost parity target we set for the end of the year.
     We've built our first validation Cybertruck with dry cathode process made on our mass production equipment, which is a huge technical milestone and we're super proud of that.
     We're on track for production launch with dry cathode in Q4, and this will enable cell cost to be significantly below available alternatives, which was the original goal of the 4680 program.
     Travis Axelrod

Great.
-----

Total context windows: 2
