[TSLA_Q4_2019] Model-y delivery

1. [Sentence #63] [PLAN]
     Financially, we have demonstrated multiple quarters of strong cash generation, enabled to higher volumes, improvements to capital efficiency, progress on working capital management and continued improvement in our product and operational costs.
     And we were able to achieve positive GAAP net income in both Q3 and Q4 for many of the same reasons that enabled strong cash generation.
     We've also made progress on recurring and software-based revenue with the implementation of premium connectivity and the beginning of upgrades available for purchase via the Tesla mobile app.
     Finally on stock-based compensation, it increased sequentially by $82 million driven almost entirely by an expense related to the next tranche of the CEO grant.
     This is a result of our improved, expected financial performance of the company, which the CEO stock grant is tied to.
     As we look ahead to 2020, this again will be an important year for the company.
     Our task ahead is to execute on the next phase of growth, while managing cash flows to support that growth.
>>> On Model Y, we expect first deliveries in limited quantities later this quarter and will ramp over subsequent quarters.
     As mentioned previously, we are forecasting higher gross margins on Model Y compared to the Model 3.
     This year for the Shanghai built Model 3, we expect to achieve run rate production and delivery rates.
     In addition, we expect to have completed the majority of plant supply chain localization at the factory or in the region.
     This is one of the most important components to achieve lower production costs for the site.
     We are also seeing strong order rates for the locally-built Model 3 and remain focused on continuing the production ramp and managing costs.
     We also anticipate significant progress on factory construction of the Shanghai and Berlin built Model Y, which will result in continued increases in capital spending.
     On operating expenses I expect an increase over the course of the year to support our growing product pipeline and international footprint.
-----

Total context windows: 1
