[Year Q2] Did Tesla maintain positive free cash flow and GAAP profitability from 2023 through 2024, as it promised after its first full profitable year?

1. [Sentence #324, TSLA_Q2_2023] [UNCERTAIN]
     But just generally, like -- I feel -- I’m confident we’ll deliver over long term, but can’t control short term.
     So -- and the autonomy is really where it’s at.
     I mean, Zachary?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

I fully agree with you.
     I mean, I think the only thing in the short term that matters is what I said in my opening remarks, which is are we generating enough money to continue to invest.
     And the portfolio of products and technologies that the technical teams are investing in right now, this is intense.
     It’s intense in terms of investment; it’s intense in terms of potential.
>>> Elon Musk

Frankly, I think it’s ridiculous that we have positive free cash flow in a capital-intensive business, while investing massive amounts of money in new technology.
     That is super hard.
     Unidentified Company Representative

And vertical integration.
     It’s not even just like new products, but also...

Elon Musk

Yes.
     We actually make our share...

Zachary Kirkhorn

And so, at least from my perspective, what matters is continuing to generate the cash to invest.
     That means continuing to be hyper focused on near-term cost reduction.
     Is everything we do in near-term cost reduction provides capital to reinvest?
     Hyper-focused on working capital management, which we’ve made quite a bit of progress there on the raw materials and with -- a set of that we’ve been very focused on accounts receivables as well to ensure that we can continue to reinvest the cash.
-----
2. [Sentence #658, TSLA_Q2_2024] [PLAN]
     Moving on to the other parts of the business, service and other gross profits also improved sequentially from the improvement in service utilization and growth in our collision repair business.
     The impact of our recent reorg is reflected in restructuring other - on the income statement.
     Just to level set, this was about $622 million of charge, which got recorded in the period.
     And I want people to remember that we've called it out separately on the financials.
     Sequentially, our operating expenses excluding surcharges reduced despite an increase in spend for AI-related activities and higher legal and other costs.
     On the CapEx front, while we saw a sequential decline in Q2, we still expect the year to be over $10 billion in CapEx as we increase our spend to bring a 50k GPU cluster online.
     This new cluster will immensely increase our capabilities to scale FSD and other AI initiatives.
>>> We reverted to positive free cash flow of $1.3 billion in Q2.
     This was despite restructuring payments being made in the quarter and we ended the quarter with over $30 billion of cash and investments.
     Once again, we've begun the journey towards the next phase for the company with the building blocks being placed.
     It will take some time, but will be a rewarding experience for everyone involved.
     Once again, I would like to thank the entire Tesla team for their efforts.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Travis Axelrod

Great.
     Thank you very much, Vaibhav.
     Now let's go to investor questions.
-----
3. [Sentence #117, TSLA_Q2_2023] [PLAN]
     Here in Texas, we’re preparing to launch our Cybertruck cell, which is 10% higher energy density than current production.
     That was accomplished through process and mechanical design optimization.
     As we scale Cyber cell production through the end of the year and early next, we should be in a comfortable place on cost per cell.
     Against our battery energy density targets, the Cyber cell is at our expectations on a like-for-like electrochemistry basis.
     We’re yet to integrate silicon or in-house cathode production, both reviewed on Battery Day, which do bring significant further energy density and cost improvements, but that is a topic for another day.
     Lastly, it is important to remember that most of what we focused on a Battery Day was the Tesla-engineered 4680 production system and the improvements we strove to achieve on equipment, factory density, capital cost and utility cost reduction, all of which we are realizing in our Texas scale up to date.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
>>> The next question is, can you talk more to the upcoming Tesla Energy products and how your thinking has evolved on the revenue model?
     Given Tesla’s AI capabilities, how do you see the long-term mix between hardware margin and recurring software margin from Autobidder as this segment accelerates?
     Unidentified Company Representative

We can’t comment on future product road map, but I can provide a quick energy Q2 update.
     Megapack continues to show strong demand globally with Lathrop ramping successfully to meet our contracted projects in 2023.
     As stated last quarter, Megapack margins are in a reasonable place, in line with our target – vehicle target margins.
     The second final assembly line at Lathrop is progressing on schedule, eventually doubling Lathrop capacity ahead of our full factory ramp in 2024.
     We have several exciting large projects in construction or nearing completion, including the KES project in Hawaii, the Riverina project in Australia, several products in California and one here at Gigafactory, Texas that we’ll tour today, actually.
     We want to thank our customers, utilities and grid operators for trusting us with these projects.
-----
4. [Sentence #314, TSLA_Q2_2023] [UNCERTAIN]
     Autonomy will make all of these numbers look silly.
     I’d recommend looking at ARK Invest.
     I think their analysis is very good.
     It’s the best.
     And generally, Fintwit or the finance, Smart Finance people on Twitter, follow their accounts.
     They’re great.
     So that’s in my opinion where you’ll get the best info.
>>> So, I strongly believe Tesla is a big long-term investment.
     And don’t sweat when things go up and down.
     In fact, if the market panics, buy; if the market is a little too exuberant, sell at the time.
     But just generally, like -- I feel -- I’m confident we’ll deliver over long term, but can’t control short term.
     So -- and the autonomy is really where it’s at.
     I mean, Zachary?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

I fully agree with you.
     I mean, I think the only thing in the short term that matters is what I said in my opening remarks, which is are we generating enough money to continue to invest.
-----
5. [Sentence #581, TSLA_Q2_2024] [UNCERTAIN]
     Elon?
     Elon Musk

Thank you.
     So to recap, we saw large adoption exploration in EVs, and then a bit of a hangover as others struggle to make compelling EVs.
     So there are quite a few competing electric vehicles that have entered the market.
     And mostly they’ve not done well, but they’ve discounted their EVs very substantially, which has made it a bit more difficult for Tesla.
     We don’t see this as long-term issue, but really -- fairly short-term.
     And we still obviously firmly believe that EVs are best for customers and that the world is headed for a fully electrified transport, not just the cars, but also aircrafts and boats.
>>> Despite many challenges the Tesla team did a great job executing and we did achieve record quarterly revenues.
     Energy storage deployments reached an all-time high in Q2, leading to record profits for the energy business.
     And we are investing in many future projects, including AI training and inference and great deal of infrastructure to support future products.
     We won't get too much into the product roadmap here, because that is reserved for product announcement events.
     But we are on track to deliver a more affordable model in the first half of next year.
     The big -- really by far the biggest differentiator for Tesla is autonomy.
     In addition to that, we've scale economies and we're the most efficient electric vehicle producer in the world.
     So, this, anyway -- while others are pursuing different parts of the AI robotic stack, we are pursuing all of them.
-----

Total context windows: 5
