[TSLA_Q3_2022] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #165] [PLAN]
     Just try one.
     Epic.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question is, “We keep hearing of dire energy crisis in Germany this winter.
     What are Tesla’s plans to combat power cuts?
     And will there be any delays in ramp-up in production from Giga Berlin because of this?”

Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes, I can take that.
     I think two points on this question.
     The first is just that based upon everything that we know, we don’t see this as a large risk to the Company.
     Even if production did go down for a period of time, this is on near term, it doesn’t have any impact on the long term of the Company.
     Elon Musk

But we don’t -- we have no indication whatsoever that we will have to cut our production in Germany.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

No.
     And we put in place backup plans, and we’re working through the supply chain as well.
     Nearly all of our suppliers are prepared as well.
     So, we’ll see how this plays out, but it’s not something that we’re terribly worried about.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
>>> And the next question is, “How is production planning going for the Cybertruck?
     What is the initial Phase 1 production target?
     When can we expect an update on pricing and final design?”

Unidentified Company Representative

I mean, as Elon said earlier, we’d be -- facilities preparations here in Giga Texas for Cybertruck.
     We’re still on track to enter early production in the middle of next year.
     We started our data builds of all of the battery body in existing...

Elon Musk

When should I drop my beta?
     Unidentified Company Representative

In a few weeks.
     That’s going well, and we continue ramping up through the end of next year and into 2023.
     Elon Musk

Great.
     Yes, the car is going to be sick and -- sick.
     That is going to be a hall of famer, next level.
     Sorry, it took longer than expected, but there were a few things that got in the way, like insane global supply chain shortages like FedEx, which are force majeures if everyone.
     Martin Viecha

Right.
     Thank you.
     Elon Musk

Of course.
     There’s Tesla Semi, of course.
     So, we’ll be handing over our first production Tesla Semis to Pepsi on December 1st.
-----

Total context windows: 1
