[VST_Q1_2025_transcript [Transcript]] Comanche Peak

1. [Sentence #128] [UNCERTAIN]
     With that, operator, we're ready to open the line for questions.
     Question-and-Answer Session

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
     Please go ahead with your question.
     Shahriar Pourreza

Hey guys, good morning.
     Jim Burke

Hey, Shar, good morning.
     Shahriar Pourreza

Good morning, Jim.
     Jim, I couldn't get a sense on the preparations [ph].
>>> Just on Comanche Peak, deal conversations, are you waiting specifically for co-locations at this point or could you be moving ahead with front of the meter and virtual PPAs in the interim?
     And the reason why I ask is one of your peers noted yesterday that FOM and BTM pricing is harmonizing in their customer conversations, which I think is counter to what Vistra has been messaging in the past.
     So just a little bit of a sense there, thanks.
     Jim Burke

Sure.
     Well, Shar, I think what I've tried to mention on previous calls, and I know we've covered a lot of ground, really, for the past year's worth of calls, that no two deals really are going to look alike.
     I think the customer needs really dictate that.
     And for some areas of the country, the front of the meter may actually be as good of an opportunity set as co-location.
     From our perspective, when we've looked at the deals that we're working on with many customers, they're still looking at co-location as a potential speed advantage.
-----
2. [Sentence #167] [PLAN]
     That's actually very consistent in the past.
     And then, Jim, just lastly, I know this is not an easy question to answer, but just on general deal timeline at this point, does SB6 finalization, does that unlock a Comanche deal?
     Jim Burke

I think SB6, the end result of SB6 will unlock a lot of things.
     We don't know how SB6 is going to frankly turn out.
     I mean, there's a hearing today.
     It's the first time it's being picked up in the House.
     And as we've covered in previous calls, Texas could attract a lot of load if we're able to lay out clear rules and regulations.
>>> And I think that could unlock a Comanche Peak deal, but I think it could unlock a lot of deals, including front of the meter deals.
     SB6 deals with both.
     And so we're active on SB6 as are our peers, as is the large customer coalition is very active on this.
     So the session ends in early June.
     The goal obviously would be to get clarity around that time frame and I would expect that you will see some things announced shortly thereafter with the view that the deal parameters and the kinds of things that folks are trying to contract around would become more clear.
     Shahriar Pourreza

Got it.
     Perfect.
     Thanks again, Jim.
-----

Total context windows: 2
