[TSLA_Q3_2021] How did the output capacity of Tesla’s Gigafactories change from 2020 to 2024, and did it match the capacity projections shared in earnings calls?

1. [Sentence #368] [PLAN]
     So, it's difficult on gross margin to say where that will go for those reasons.
     With respect to operating margin, we've been very focused as a Company on managing our overhead expenses and operating expenses.
     And operating expenses as a percentage of revenue has been declining and I expect that trend to continue to happen.
     And I think the net of all of this is hopefully that we continue to make progress on operating margin over the next 4 of 5 quarters.
     As we think forward, the business up until this point is kind of largely been a hardware automotive business with a little bit of software on top of that.
     As full self-driving matures, as take rates increase, if we are to raise pricing on that, there's considerable upside both on gross margins and operating margin as that comes to light, as the business starts to become more of a mix of a hardware-based Company and a software-based Company.
     So, we feel optimistic about the journey -- very optimistic about the journey as we look over into the long term, just a little bit difficult over the next 4 to 5 quarters.
>>> And we'll continue to update on earnings calls as we learn more information.
     There's just a lot of uncertainty in the world right now.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you, Joe, do you have a follow-up question?
     Joseph Spak

Yes, the question is just -- you mentioned LSP acts globally for standard range models.
     My understanding is that all comes from China.
     Is that the continued go-forward plan or do you want to have LSP capabilities in other factories around the world?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yeah.
     Certainly, our goal is to localize all key parts of the vehicles on the continent, at least the continent, if not closer to where the vehicles that are produced.
-----
2. [Sentence #92] [PLAN]
     Lars Moravy

Thanks, Martin.
     As we've mentioned before, we've seen record growth of both Model 3 and Model Y segments, where Model 3 is currently the bestselling luxury sedan worldwide.
     As we mentioned at our shareholder's meeting, Model Y is poised to be the bestselling vehicle in the world.
     Tesla continues to break molds in these vehicle segments and we hope to do so with each new product.
     As we've said publicly, we'll eventually expand the vehicle line up to get to larger volumes, and we believe that we will need to be in all major segments across small and mid-size, large sedans, SUVs, and trucks to do so.
     Along with, of course, the massive space of robotaxi.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
>>> The next question, a question from retail shareholder is, what is Tesla 's goal for vehicle production capacity for the four current factories, Fremont, Shanghai, Austin and Berlin by 2024?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yeah.
     Thanks, Martin.
     Our goal as a company here is to grow on an average pace of 50% per year.
     And so, you can extrapolate that out.
     There may be some periods of time in which we're well ahead of that.
     There could be some periods of time, despite best efforts, where we're slightly lower than that.
     But that remains the long-term goal of the Company.
-----

Total context windows: 2
