[Year Q3] How did the output capacity of Tesla’s Gigafactories change from 2020 to 2024, and did it match the capacity projections shared in earnings calls?

1. [Sentence #1014, TSLA_Q3_2021] [PLAN]
     So, it's difficult on gross margin to say where that will go for those reasons.
     With respect to operating margin, we've been very focused as a Company on managing our overhead expenses and operating expenses.
     And operating expenses as a percentage of revenue has been declining and I expect that trend to continue to happen.
     And I think the net of all of this is hopefully that we continue to make progress on operating margin over the next 4 of 5 quarters.
     As we think forward, the business up until this point is kind of largely been a hardware automotive business with a little bit of software on top of that.
     As full self-driving matures, as take rates increase, if we are to raise pricing on that, there's considerable upside both on gross margins and operating margin as that comes to light, as the business starts to become more of a mix of a hardware-based Company and a software-based Company.
     So, we feel optimistic about the journey -- very optimistic about the journey as we look over into the long term, just a little bit difficult over the next 4 to 5 quarters.
>>> And we'll continue to update on earnings calls as we learn more information.
     There's just a lot of uncertainty in the world right now.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you, Joe, do you have a follow-up question?
     Joseph Spak

Yes, the question is just -- you mentioned LSP acts globally for standard range models.
     My understanding is that all comes from China.
     Is that the continued go-forward plan or do you want to have LSP capabilities in other factories around the world?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yeah.
     Certainly, our goal is to localize all key parts of the vehicles on the continent, at least the continent, if not closer to where the vehicles that are produced.
-----
2. [Sentence #1878, TSLA_Q3_2023] [PLAN]
     I know people want to us advertising, we are advertising.
     I think there’s something to be gained on the advertising front.
     I don’t think it’s nothing.
     But informing people of a car that is great, but they cannot afford doesn’t really help.
     So that is really the thing that must be solved is to make the car affordable or the average person cannot buy it for any amount of money or they can’t afford it.
     So, this is big deal.
     Martin Viecha

The next question is, when do you expect Model 3 Highland to be available in the U.S.?
>>> I just wanted to address that unfortunately we don’t answer product related questions and timings on earnings calls.
     So let’s go to the next one.
     Current sell side consensus assumes that Tesla will deliver 2.3 million vehicles in 2024, representing 28% growth versus 2023 guidance.
     Is this growth rate achievable without any mass market launches in 2024?
     And when does Tesla expect to return to its 50% long-term CAGR?
     Vaibhav Taneja

When we look at 2024, there are a lot of moving pieces.
     I just talked about what is happening in the macroeconomic environment.
     So, we’re focused on growing our volumes in a very cost efficient manner and are carefully reviewing all our options, and we’ll be able to provide a much more meaningful update at our next earnings call.
-----
3. [Sentence #738, TSLA_Q3_2021] [PLAN]
     Lars Moravy

Thanks, Martin.
     As we've mentioned before, we've seen record growth of both Model 3 and Model Y segments, where Model 3 is currently the bestselling luxury sedan worldwide.
     As we mentioned at our shareholder's meeting, Model Y is poised to be the bestselling vehicle in the world.
     Tesla continues to break molds in these vehicle segments and we hope to do so with each new product.
     As we've said publicly, we'll eventually expand the vehicle line up to get to larger volumes, and we believe that we will need to be in all major segments across small and mid-size, large sedans, SUVs, and trucks to do so.
     Along with, of course, the massive space of robotaxi.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
>>> The next question, a question from retail shareholder is, what is Tesla 's goal for vehicle production capacity for the four current factories, Fremont, Shanghai, Austin and Berlin by 2024?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yeah.
     Thanks, Martin.
     Our goal as a company here is to grow on an average pace of 50% per year.
     And so, you can extrapolate that out.
     There may be some periods of time in which we're well ahead of that.
     There could be some periods of time, despite best efforts, where we're slightly lower than that.
     But that remains the long-term goal of the Company.
-----
4. [Sentence #466, TSLA_Q3_2020] [PLAN]
     Although it also looks good, I think, from a cleaner standpoint.
     Yes.
     If it goes well, we'll be able to do some Cybertruck deliveries towards the end of next -- towards the end of next year, yes.
     So it's difficult to predict.
     I would say there's probably a lot of deliveries in 2022, and some deliveries towards the end of next year, if things go well.
     Pierre Ferragu

Okay.
     And now I'm trying to get a sense of how next year is going to look like.
>>> So if I look at your production capacity at the end of this year, it's going to be almost 850,000 units on an annualized basis.
     And you're going to increase capacity in Shanghai, open Berlin.
     You say today you would open Austin as well.
     So you're probably going to end the year above 1 million units.
     And so am I right thinking next year we should expect to deliver like somewhere like between 840,000 and 1 million cars during the year?
     Drew Baglino

Yes.
     We'll...

Elon Musk

Go ahead, Drew.
     Drew Baglino

Yes, we'll provide guidance on 2021 after next earnings call.
-----
5. [Sentence #1857, TSLA_Q3_2023] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     This quarter we convert to building a 100% Cybertruck cells to simplify and focus the factory as we ramp all four lines in Phase 1 over the next three quarters.
     Phase 2 of the Texas 4680 facility is currently under construction.
     The additional four lines incorporate further capital efficiencies over Phase 1, and our target is for them to start producing in late 2024.
     Lastly, in Kato, we’re retooling to enable large scale pallet runs of our next generation cell designs.
     Kato’s long-term goal is to be the launch pad for new cells, one generation ahead of our mass production facilities, enabling faster iteration and smoother ramp ups of new designs.
     A – Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question from institutional investors.
>>> Could you please provide an update on capacity expansion plans for company’s factories in Berlin and Austin, and the opening schedule of Gigafactory Mexico?
     A – Unidentified Company Representative

Berlin and Austin factories, the current priority is actually maximize the output from our existing lines, by laser focus on efficiency improvement.
     As always, maintaining a high quality and the reducing per unit cost will be as critical as growing the production volume.
     For Mexico, we’re working on infrastructure and factory design in parallel with the engineering and development of the new production that we’ll be manufacturing there.
     That’s what I can share for now.
     Elon Musk

In Mexico we’re laying the groundwork to begin construction and doing all the long lead items.
     But I think we want to just get a sense for what the global economy is like before we go full tilt on the Mexico factory.
     I’m worried about the high interest rate environment that we’re in.
-----
6. [Sentence #1256, TSLA_Q3_2022] [PLAN]
     The Board generally thinks that it makes sense to do a buyback.
     But we want to work through the right process to do a buyback, but it’s certainly possible for us to do a buyback on the order of $5 billion to $10 billion, even in the downside scenario next year, even -- given if next year is a very difficult year, we still have the ability to do a $5 billion to $10 billion buyback.
     This is obviously pending Board review and approval.
     So, it’s likely that we’ll do some meaningful buyback.
     So, in conclusion, while the market themes revolve around the short term, it’s very important to focus on the long term.
     I can’t emphasize this enough with investors and I think long-time investors, obviously recognize it with Tesla.
     You have your sort of local ups and downs, but long-term trend has been extremely good.
>>> And several years ago, I said, I think on an earnings call, and I thought it was possible for Tesla to be worth more than Apple, which was then the highest market cap company, I think, in the market.
     And Apple at that time, I think it was around $700 billion.
     And I said it required incredible execution, at least some luck, and we did indeed achieve that.
     Tesla went, in fact, or passed Apple’s market cap at the time.
     And now, I’m of the opinion that we can far exceed Apple’s current market cap.
     In fact, I see a potential path for Tesla to be worth more than Apple and Saudi Aramco combined.
     So, now that doesn’t mean it will happen or that will be easy.
     In fact, I think it will be very difficult.
-----
7. [Sentence #1410, TSLA_Q3_2022] [UNCERTAIN]
     And these would sell -- I don’t want to say the exact prices, but they’re much more than a passenger vehicle.
     So, with a few thousand heavy trucks of this nature, it would be worth several Model Ys.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question is, what is the progress of the 4680 cell ramp?
     And what factors determine whether vehicles get 2170s versus 4680 cells?
     And how will that change in the next year?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes, ramp is going well, as Elon said.
>>> Total output is up 3x quarter-over-quarter, and production is tracking to exceed 1,000 car cells per week this quarter, as we said last quarter.
     Our focus is now shifting from 100% ramp to cost and further expanding production capacity in North America, as Elon also mentioned.
     On the 2170 versus 4680, in our factories, we really attempt to minimize factory complexity and product changeover while still making sure we get enough new product into the field to learn how it is performing.
     And that sort of mix is going to shift as 4680 scales here and the overall factory ramp proceeds in Texas.
     Elon Musk

Right.
     Basically, production of 4680 ramp is growing exponentially.
     And yes, it’s going well.
     We’re just looking at this -- just going to be a major pack in the future.
-----
8. [Sentence #79, TSLA_Q3_2020] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     So it’s overall going well.
     I should make a point that for Berlin and Austin, we do expect to start delivering cars from those factories next year.
     But because of the exponential nature of the spool up of manufacturing plant, especially one with new technology, it will start off very slow at first and then become very -- afterward will become very large.
     Just in general, manufacturing follows the S-curve and I think, some of those people kind of spend a lot of time manufacturing kind of things that once you have a factory, you can just sort of turn it on and it's at capacity.
     But it will typically take about 12 to 18 months to reach capacity.
     And that is a very fast period of time, especially for new technology.
     So yes, I'd say, 12 to 24 months even.
>>> So generally, what I see is the manufacturing capacity is underestimated in the beginning for quite some time.
     Then it is sometimes overestimated because this is an s-curve.
     It goes exponential to linear to logarithmic.
     And it's actually incredibly hard thing, just bringing a production plant up to volume technology.
     If you can actually think of it like you've got to first order approximation, 10,000 unique parts of processes, all of which operate on an s-curve and with a bunch of uncertainty, and you can just slide 10,000 s-curves on an x-axis, and that's what bringing up a large automotive plant is like.
     And which one is the laggard, which one is the leader, it's very difficult to tell, and it's constantly changing.
     So it's really one of the most difficult challenges I've ever seen.
     So let's see.
-----

Total context windows: 8
