[TSLA_Q2_2023] tell me about tesla cybertruck production from 2022-2023

1. [Sentence #110] [PLAN]
     How far are you from the specs you laid out on Battery Day?
     When do you expect to achieve what you laid out on Battery Day?
     Unidentified Company Representative

Yes.
     First, I’ll just start with a little bit of a production update.
     So, in Texas, 4680 cell production increased 80% Q2 over Q1, and the team surpassed 10 million production cells produced here in Texas.
     So, congrats to the team for that.
     Their focus on yield reduced our scrap bill by 40% quarter-over-quarter, and that resulted in a 25% reduction in cell COGS.
>>> Here in Texas, we’re preparing to launch our Cybertruck cell, which is 10% higher energy density than current production.
     That was accomplished through process and mechanical design optimization.
     As we scale Cyber cell production through the end of the year and early next, we should be in a comfortable place on cost per cell.
     Against our battery energy density targets, the Cyber cell is at our expectations on a like-for-like electrochemistry basis.
     We’re yet to integrate silicon or in-house cathode production, both reviewed on Battery Day, which do bring significant further energy density and cost improvements, but that is a topic for another day.
     Lastly, it is important to remember that most of what we focused on a Battery Day was the Tesla-engineered 4680 production system and the improvements we strove to achieve on equipment, factory density, capital cost and utility cost reduction, all of which we are realizing in our Texas scale up to date.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     The next question is, can you talk more to the upcoming Tesla Energy products and how your thinking has evolved on the revenue model?
-----
2. [Sentence #52] [PILOT]
     So, to date, over 300 million miles have been driven using FSD beta.
     That 300 million mile number is going to seem small very quickly.
     It’ll soon be billions of miles, then tens of billions of miles.
     And FSD will go from being as good as a human to then being vastly better than a human.
     We see a clear path to full self-driving being 10 times safer than the average human driver, so.
     And between Autopilot, Dojo computer, our inference hardware in the car, which we call sort of Hardware 3, 4, but it’s really dedicated.
     It’s a high efficiency inference computer that’s in the car and our Optimus robot, Tesla’s clearly at the cutting edge of AI development.
>>> With regard to our Cybertruck, we continue to build our release candidates of the Cybertruck on our final production line in Austin.
     I’m actually here in Austin at the Gigafactory.
     This is the first truck that we’re aware of that will have four doors over a six foot bed and will fit into a 20-foot garage.
     So, it’s sort of biggest on the outside, but it’s even bigger on the inside.
     So it’s -- I think that’s a -- one of the elements of good design is it should feel bigger on the inside than it looks on the outside.
     And this is no small car, but we really cared about the exterior dimensions of the Cybertruck down to the last millimeter.
     So just -- we try to get right in the middle of the Goldilocks zone, not too big, not too small and then really maximize the utility of the volume.
     And we can’t wait to start delivering it later this year.
-----

Total context windows: 2
