[TSLA_Q4_2023] Has Tesla’s Autopilot and FSD take rate increased globally between 2019 and 2024, and did they achieve profitability from FSD as predicted?

1. [Sentence #100] [PLAN]
     This concept is mostly overlooked for just the upfront cost.
     We will be rigorous in evaluating our campaigns, curating the content, and optimizing spend accordingly to support the overall demand.
     There are two additional things I would like to mention as it relates to the US market.
     First, for customers who qualify for the IRA buyer credit, we now offer that as a point-of-sale benefit for Model Y, which means an immediate reduction of $7,500 at the time of purchase to the end customer.
     Secondly, we continue to offer very attractive lease rates for Model 3 and Y using our Partner Leasing Program.
     Note that the sales under this program are recognized as upfront revenue and reported within automotive sales.
     Our energy storage business had another record year with deployments more than doubling and revenues increasing by more than 50%.
>>> This business is poised to again surpass our auto business in terms of growth rate in 2024.
     This has been in the works for quite some time with us laying the foundation a few years back by building our Megafactory in Lathrop.
     I would like to thank the whole Tesla Energy team for their efforts to make this a reality.
     Our services and others business also started contributing meaningfully to our results and our fleets -- as our fleet grows.
     As we expected the fleet-based revenues from supercharging, used cars, and services continue to increase.
     For 2024, our focus is to continue growing our output, continuing our cost reduction efforts, and increasing investments in our future growth initiatives.
     Accordingly, we are currently expecting our capital expenditure for 2024 to be in excess of $10 billion.
     We believe this would be critical in helping us lay the foundation for the next phase of growth.
-----

Total context windows: 1
