[TSLA_Q2_2023] Has Tesla’s Autopilot and FSD take rate increased globally between 2019 and 2024, and did they achieve profitability from FSD as predicted?

1. [Sentence #424] [UNCERTAIN]
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     Let’s go to the next analyst.
     The question comes from Emmanuel Rosner from Deutsche Bank.
     Emmanuel Rosner

Two questions from me as well.
     First, following up on the autonomy.
     So before you start launching these dedicated robotaxi vehicles, on existing vehicles, you’re improving FSD incrementally.
     What is your latest targeted timing to essentially release a non-beta version or an eyes-off version that would trigger much higher take rates?
>>> And would Tesla benefit from lowering the price of FSD?
     Elon Musk

Well, obviously, as people have sort of made fun of me and perhaps quite fairly have made fun of me, my predictions about achieving full self-driving have been optimistic in the past.
     The reason I’ve been optimistic is -- it tends to look like is the -- we’ll make rapid progress with a new version of FSD, but then it will curve over logarithmically.
     So first, logarithmic curve looks like just sort of fairly straight upward line, diagonally up.
     And so, if you extrapolate that, then you have a great thing.
     But then because it’s actually logarithmic, it curves over, and then there have been a series of stacked logarithmic curves.
     Now, I’m the boy who cried FSD, but I think we’ll be better than human by the end of this year.
     That’s not to say we’re approved by regulators.
-----
2. [Sentence #435] [PLAN]
     And so, if you extrapolate that, then you have a great thing.
     But then because it’s actually logarithmic, it curves over, and then there have been a series of stacked logarithmic curves.
     Now, I’m the boy who cried FSD, but I think we’ll be better than human by the end of this year.
     That’s not to say we’re approved by regulators.
     And I’m saying that would be in the U.S. because we’ve got to focus on one market first.
     But I think we’ll be better than human by the end of this year.
     I’ve been wrong in the past, I may be wrong this time.
>>> And the price of FSD -- so the great thing is the price of FSD is actually very low, it’s not high.
     When you go back to what I said earlier, the value of the car increases dramatically if it is actually autonomous.
     $15,000 is actually a low price, not a high price.
     And we will offer -- and we -- I think we do sort of offer FSD as a sort of monthly subscription, although most people don’t know that.
     So, I’d recommend like maybe trying it out as a monthly subscription so you don’t have to go with the $15,000 thing.
     But I think yes, yes -- obviously, if the car is worth several times its original price, $15,000 is actually a low price for FSD.
     Martin Viecha

And the next question comes from William Stein from Truist.
     William Stein

I’d like to ask about -- to stick on this AI topic.
-----
3. [Sentence #67] [UNCERTAIN]
     Some other highlights.
     Our global Supercharging network now stands at over 50,000 -- roughly 50,000 connectors and over 5,000 locations.
     As I think a lot of people are aware, the Tesla Charging Standard, which we made open source and it’s now called the North American Charging Standard.
     We’re deeply honored that Ford, GM, Mercedes and many other OEMs have signed up to use our connector and gain access to our charging network.
     We strongly believe in helping other car companies to accelerate the EV revolution and just trying to do the right thing in general.
     So, that’s the goal there.
     Then something I think, I want emphasize, like very strongly, this is a very important point is that Tesla -- just as with the North American Charging Standard, although we’re not license -- in that case not licensing, we’re just making it available, but we are very open to licensing our full self-driving software and hardware to other car companies.
>>> And we are already in discussions with -- early discussions with major OEM about using Tesla FSD.
     So, we’re not trying to keep this to ourselves.
     We’re more than happy to license it to others.
     And lastly, our new lithium refinery and cathode facility are progressing well.
     In conclusion, we continue to focus on making as many cars as we can, while maintaining healthy financials.
     Our artificial intelligence development is obviously entering a new era and we’re incredibly excited about what’s to come.
     Our other businesses such as Megapack, Supercharging service and whatnot, all started to become a meaningful contributor to overall profitability this quarter.
     And then lastly, I’d just like to profusely thank all of our employees who are making a lot of extra effort during uncertain times.
-----
4. [Sentence #416] [UNCERTAIN]
     It’s just that you can think of every car that we sell or produce that has full autonomy capability as actually something that in the future may be worth as much as 5 times what it is today.
     Because average -- vehicle is doing like maybe 10 hours of driving a week.
     If sort of -- if this says 1.5 hours a day on average, that’s 10 hours a week-ish.
     If you’ve got on autonomous -- if the vehicle is able to operate autonomously and use either dedicated autonomous or partially autonomous like Airbnb, like maybe sometimes you allow your car to be used by others.
     Sometimes you want to use it exclusively just like Airbnb -- doing Airbnb with a room in your house.
     The value is just tremendous.
     So, I think it’s sort of, it would be -- I think it -- it does make sense to sacrifice margins in favor of making more vehicles because we think in the not too distant future, they will have a dramatic valuation increase.
>>> I think the Tesla fleet value increase at the point which we can upload full self-driving and is approved by regulators will be the single biggest step change in asset value maybe in history.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     Let’s go to the next analyst.
     The question comes from Emmanuel Rosner from Deutsche Bank.
     Emmanuel Rosner

Two questions from me as well.
     First, following up on the autonomy.
     So before you start launching these dedicated robotaxi vehicles, on existing vehicles, you’re improving FSD incrementally.
     What is your latest targeted timing to essentially release a non-beta version or an eyes-off version that would trigger much higher take rates?
-----
5. [Sentence #45] [PILOT]
     And I really just don’t know how anyone could do what we’re doing, even if they had our software and had our computer, if they did not have the training data.
     So, speaking of which, our Dojo training computer is designed to significantly reduce the cost of neural net training.
     It is designed to -- it’s somewhat optimized for the kind of training that we need, which is a video training.
     So, we just see that the need for neural net training -- again, talking -- speaking of quasi-infinite things, is just enormous.
     So, I think having -- we expect to use both, NVIDIA and Dojo, to be clear.
     But there’s -- we just see demand for really vast training resources.
     And we think we may reach in-house neural net training capability of a 100 exaflops by the end of next year.
>>> So, to date, over 300 million miles have been driven using FSD beta.
     That 300 million mile number is going to seem small very quickly.
     It’ll soon be billions of miles, then tens of billions of miles.
     And FSD will go from being as good as a human to then being vastly better than a human.
     We see a clear path to full self-driving being 10 times safer than the average human driver, so.
     And between Autopilot, Dojo computer, our inference hardware in the car, which we call sort of Hardware 3, 4, but it’s really dedicated.
     It’s a high efficiency inference computer that’s in the car and our Optimus robot, Tesla’s clearly at the cutting edge of AI development.
     With regard to our Cybertruck, we continue to build our release candidates of the Cybertruck on our final production line in Austin.
-----

Total context windows: 5
