[TSLA_Q3_2023] tell me about tesla cybertruck production from 2022-2023

1. [Sentence #21] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     Regarding energy storage, we deployed 4 gigawatt hours of energy of storage products in Q3.
     And as this business grows, the energy division is becoming our highest margin business.
     Energy and service now contribute over $0.5 billion to quarterly profit.
     The Cybertruck, I know a lot of people are excited about the Cybertruck.
     I am too.
     I’ve driven the car.
     It’s an amazing product.
>>> I do want to emphasize that there will be enormous challenges in reaching volume production with the Cybertruck, and then in making a Cybertruck cash flow positive.
     This is simply normal for when you’ve got a product with a lot of new technology or any new vehicle, brand new vehicle program, but especially one that is as different and advanced as the Cybertruck, you will have problems proportionate to how many new things you’re trying to solve at scale.
     So, I just want to emphasize that while I think this is potentially our best product ever and I think it is our best product ever, it is going to be -- require immense work to reach volume production and be cash flow positive at a price that people can afford.
     Often people do not understand what is truly hard.
     That’s why I say prototypes are easy, production is hard.
     People think it’s the idea, or you make a prototype, you design a car.
     And as soon as they’re designing a car, it’s just anyone can do it, it does require taste, it does require effort to design a prototype.
     But it’s difficult to going from a prototype to volume production, it’s like 10,000% harder to get to volume production than to make a prototype in the first place, and then it is even harder than that to reach positive cash flow.
-----
2. [Sentence #68] [PLAN]
     To that extent, we recently announced a partner vehicle leasing program in the U.S. whereby you can get a standard Model Y for as low as $399 a month.
     In conclusion, as we navigate through a challenging economic environment, we’re focused on reducing costs, maximizing delivery volumes, and continuing making investments in the future, in particular, AI and other next generation platform.
     We believe this strategy positions us well for the long term.
     Once again, I would like to thank the Tesla team for their efforts in the last quarter.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     And now let’s go to investor questions.
     The first investor question comes from Craig.
>>> How many Cybertruck deliveries do you anticipate for 2024?
     Elon Musk

It’s difficult to make an accurate guess at this point.
     Going back to what I said earlier that the ramp is going to be extremely difficult.
     And like I said, there’s no way around that.
     If you try to make -- if we just try to do some copycat vehicle design, of which there are literally 200 models that are slight variations on a theme in the combustion engine world, distinctions without a difference, then it’s really not that hard.
     But if you want to do something radical and innovative and something really special, like the Cybertruck, it is extremely difficult because there’s nothing to copy.
     You have to invent not just the car, but the way to make the car.
     So, the more uncharted the territory, the less predictable the outcome.
-----
3. [Sentence #91] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     4680 cell production in Texas increased 40% quarter-over-quarter.
     Congrats to the Texas team for producing their 20 million cell off of line one.
     Texas is now our primary 4680 facility.
     We’re heavily focused on quality.
     Scrap is down 40% quarter-over-quarter.
     With the increased volume and yield improvements, cell costs consistently improved month-over-month within the quarter, although we have a lot more work to do to achieve our steady state goals.
     And that is our priority.
>>> The Cybertruck cell with 10% higher energy than our Model Y cell started production on line two in Texas.
     This quarter we convert to building a 100% Cybertruck cells to simplify and focus the factory as we ramp all four lines in Phase 1 over the next three quarters.
     Phase 2 of the Texas 4680 facility is currently under construction.
     The additional four lines incorporate further capital efficiencies over Phase 1, and our target is for them to start producing in late 2024.
     Lastly, in Kato, we’re retooling to enable large scale pallet runs of our next generation cell designs.
     Kato’s long-term goal is to be the launch pad for new cells, one generation ahead of our mass production facilities, enabling faster iteration and smoother ramp ups of new designs.
     A – Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question from institutional investors.
-----

Total context windows: 3
