[TSLA_Q2_2021] tell me about tesla cybertruck production from 2021-2022

1. [Sentence #76] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     But I do think we -- this will get solve, it’s just a matter of time, and then we will be doing well over 2,000 S/X per week.
     It actually costs us less to produce, a little bit less to produce.
     But it is a superior product.
     So in conclusion, there’s a lot to be excited about in 2021 and 2022.
     We are building factories as quickly as we can.
     Both Texas and Berlin are progressing well and we expect to have initial limited production from those factories this year and volume production from Texas and Berlin next year.
     And at this time, we will continue to ramp production of Model Y in three months in Shanghai.
>>> In the background, we are continuing work -- development work on the Semi, Cybertruck, on the Roadster and other products.
     Thanks to everyone at Tesla who have made this year a huge success.
     Now on to questions.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     We have some remarks from Zachary Kirkhorn as well.
     Elon Musk

Okay.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yeah.
     Thanks, Martin.
-----
2. [Sentence #24] [UNCERTAIN]
     So Q1 2021 was a record quarter on many levels.
     Tesla achieved record production, deliveries and surpassed $1 billion in non-GAAP net income for the first time.
     We have seen a real shift in customer perception of electric vehicles and our demand is the best we have ever seen.
     So this is – if you talk about, we are used to seeing a reduction in demand in the first quarter and we saw an increase in demand that exceeded the normal seasonal reduction in demand in Q1.
     So Model 3 became the best-selling mid-sized premier sedan in the world.
     In fact, I should say, the best-selling luxury sedan of any kind in the world.
     The BMW 3 Series was for the longest time best-selling premium sedan.
>>> It’s been exceeded by the Tesla Model 3, and this is only three-and-a half years into production and with just two factories.
     For Model 3 to be out selling its combustion engine competitors, I think, this is quite remarkable.
     In the past couple of quarters, we delivered roughly $0.25 million Model 3s, so -- which translates in an annualized rate of $0.5 million per year.
     When it comes to Model Y, we think Model Y will be the best-selling car or vehicle of any kind in the world, and probably, next year.
     So I am not 100% certain next year, but I think it’s quite likely.
     I’d say more likely than not that in 2022 Model Y is the best-selling car or truck of any kind in the world.
     Then with regard to Full Self-Driving, Full Self-Driving beta continues to make great progress.
     This is definitely one of the -- I think, one of the hardest technical problems that exists, that has maybe ever existed.
-----
3. [Sentence #355] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     I want to really be very, very emphatic here.
     Prototypes are trivial.
     They are child’s play.
     Production is hard.
     It is very hard.
     Now you say production at large scale with higher liability and low-cost, insanely difficult.
     But what Tesla achieved on the automotive side was not to create an electric car.
>>> The truly profound thing on the car side is that Tesla was the first American car company to achieve volume production of a car in 100 years and not go bankrupt.
     So this is -- this -- basically myself and NIO and Tesla had to basically have several aneurysms to get this done.
     It was so hard.
     You have no idea.
     So anyway, and the thing about making a large complex manufactured object is let’s say that you have a closer approximation 10,000 unique items.
     If even one of those items is slow, that sets your rate, just one.
     Isn’t that so trivial?
     We have had a production stop because of carpet in the trunk.
-----
4. [Sentence #93] [PLAN]
     To summarize the quarter, I think, it’s best understood by three key items.
     First, we successfully launched and began the ramp of Model Y in Shanghai, achieving positive gross margin in the first quarter of production and receiving a great reception from the market.
     Second, as Elon mentioned, although we began the production process for the Model S during the quarter, we had not yet begun customer deliveries.
     The reduction in Model S and X deliveries from Q4 to Q1 were a meaningful headwind to free cash flows and profit generation.
     For example, we incurred an estimated $200 million of direct P&L impact relating to this program in Q1, the majority of which is reflected in COGS and that’s before even considering the impact of lost revenue and profits as a result of the transition.
     And as Elon mentioned, we expect the first deliveries to begin shortly.
     Third, as we continue to work through the instability of the global supply chain, particularly around semiconductors and port capacities.
>>> While the Tesla team in partnership with our suppliers did tremendous work keeping our factories running, we did experience high expedite costs in the quarter and they were also higher than they were in Q4, with some minor interruptions to production over the course of the quarter.
     We believe that this landscape is improving, but it does remain difficult and it’s an evolving situation.
     If we double click within net income, auto gross margin excluding credits improved sequentially and year-over-year.
     This is in spite of the costs mentioned for SNX and expedites and a reduction in global ASPs as our cost structure as a company is reducing at an even faster pace.
     So as we look out over the course of the year, we feel optimistic about our gross margin strength, particularly as some of these headwinds we are experiencing start to be resolved.
     On Services and other margins, these have recovered and are trending towards profitability, aided by strength in the used car business, operational improvements in service and additional service revenue opportunities that help absorb fixed overheads.
     On energy gross margins, these remained negative for a second quarter.
     This was driven by Solar Roof-related ramp costs and winter seasonality in the lease BPA business.
-----
5. [Sentence #225] [PLAN]
     They will have to increase the size of the substations.
     It’s a nightmare.
     This must occur.
     There must be solar plus battery.
     It’s the only way.
     So, yeah.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
>>> And the next retail question is, Master of Coin, can you tell us anything about Tesla’s future plans in digital currency space?
     Or when any such major developments might be revealed?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Sure.
     Thanks, Martin.
     So as I noted in our opening remarks and we have announced previously, so Tesla did invest $1.5 billion into Bitcoin in Q1 and then we subsequently sold a 10% stake in that.
     We also allow customers to make vehicle deposits and final vehicle purchases using Bitcoin.
     And so where our Bitcoin story began, maybe just to share a little bit of context here.
     Elon and I were looking for a place to store cash that wasn’t being immediately used, trying to get some level of return on this but also preserve liquidity.
-----

Total context windows: 5
