[TSLA_Q4_2023] Between 2020 and 2024, did Tesla meet its guidance for year-over-year revenue growth and operating leverage improvement?

1. [Sentence #38] [PLAN]
     So tremendous year-over-year growth, triple-digits.
     And yeah, I think we'll continue to see very strong growth in storage, as predicted.
     I said for many years that the storage business would grow much faster than the car business, and it is doing that.
     Free cash flow remains strong at $4.4 billion in 2023, in spite of record spending on future projects.
     So we had record CapEx expenses as well as record R&D.
     This brings us to 2024.
     There's a lot to look forward to in 2024.
>>> Tesla is currently between two major growth waves.
     We're focused on making sure that our next growth wave, driven by next-gen vehicle, energy storage, full self-driving, other projects, is executed as well as possible.
     For full self-driving, we've released Version 12, which is a complete architectural rewrite compared to prior versions.
     This is end-to-end artificial intelligence.
     So another bit nets basically photons in and controls out, and it really is quite a profound difference.
     This is currently just with employees and a few customers, but we will be rolling out to all customers in the U.S. who request full self-driving in the weeks to come.
     That's over 400,000 vehicles in North America.
     So this is the first-time AI is being used, not just for object perception, but for path planning and vehicle controls.
-----
2. [Sentence #445] [UNCERTAIN]
     Elon Musk

Same thing with Battery Day.
     So we have to be a little cautious about revealing the exact recipe of the secret sauce.
     But I think some kind of update would be good to do.
     I'll talk it over with the team, and yeah, I think we might do something later this year.
     Our main goal with these AI Day things is recruiting and to sort of change the perception of Tesla as people thinking of Tesla as a car company when they should be thinking of Tesla as an AI robotics company.
     Adam Jonas

Maybe as a follow-up.
     Elon, I'd love your thoughts on the topic of China-based OEMs expanding into Western markets.
>>> As the China market kind of gets saturated and there's a tremendous growth in the supply, how much success should Tesla investors allow for this competition to achieve in Western markets?
     And can you envision a scenario where Tesla could partner with a Chinese OEM to help accelerate sustainable transport in markets like Europe and the United States?
     Thanks.
     Elon Musk

Well, our observation is generally that the Chinese car companies are the most competitive car companies in the world.
     So I think they will have significant success outside of China depending on what kind of tariffs or trade barriers are established.
     Frankly, I think if there are not trade barriers established, they will pretty much demolish most other car companies in the world.
     So they're extremely good.
     We don't see an obvious opportunity to partner.
-----

Total context windows: 2
