[AMZN_Q4_2021] fulfillment capacity; AWS growth

1. [Sentence #48] [PLAN]
     We do expect these cost challenges to persist in the Q1, albeit adjusted for lower seasonal volumes relative to the fourth quarter.
     Our results also include approximately $1 billion year-over-year negative impact from lower fixed cost leverage in our fulfillment network.
     Recall that we saw very high unit volumes for most of 2020 and the first half of 2021.
     And our fulfillment network was running a close to 100% capacity during this time.
     Now, with more normal fulfillment capacity, our operating leverage decreases versus the comparable prior-year periods.
     We expect to continue to see some negative year-over-year impact from this in Q1 of 2022.
     While we navigate these near-term headwinds, the fundamentals of our retail business are strong, and we're optimistic about a number of growth businesses and a strong innovation pipeline.
>>> AWS delivered another strong quarter of growth, as enterprises and developers continued to look to AWS for critical, innovative cloud solutions.
     Now, the $71 billion annualized revenue run rate, AWS revenue grew 40% every year in Q4, our fourth consecutive quarter of revenue growth rate acceleration.
     We hosted our 10th re:Invent conference in the quarter, welcoming 26,000 in-person attendees and hundreds of thousands who attended virtually.
     re:Invent remains a highlight of the year for us because it's a great opportunity to introduce new services while engaging with customers and partners to better inform where we should be focusing next.
     We announced more than 115 new services and features during the event, as businesses spanning all major industries continue to choose AWS as their technology provider to speed up innovation in their organizations.
     In the past quarter alone, Nasdaq announced a multiyear partnership to migrate its North America markets to AWS, including their matching engine.
     Best Buy selected AWS as its preferred cloud provider for cloud infrastructure services.
     Meta, the parent company of Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp, selected AWS as its long-term strategic cloud provider to accelerate artificial intelligence research and development.
-----
2. [Sentence #163] [UNCERTAIN]
     Where is Amazon in terms of emerging from this investment cycle?
     Can you see a slowdown in that big investment spending this year?
     Brian Olsavsky -- Chief Financial Officer

Yeah, let me -- let's talk a little bit about capital expenditures, and I'm going to do this with inclusion of equipment finance leases, which is the residual that we sometimes lease on our infrastructure assets.
     We're doing less of it now, but we still do some and have done it historically.
     So, when you look at those numbers and how they've grown over the last few years, I'll give you the proportions, which I'm not sure we've initially shown before.
     It's about 40% -- just under 40% of that capex is going into infrastructure, most of it feeding AWS.
     But also, certainly, Amazon is a large customer of that as well as we build infrastructure for ourselves directly or through AWS.
>>> About just under 30% is fulfillment capacity, building warehouses -- warehouse only, not transportation.
     And then just under 25% is transportation capacity and building on our NACL network, principally globally.
     The remaining 5% or so is small things like offices and stores and other capital areas.
     But those are the three main areas.
     If I look to the future -- we're still working through some of our plans for 2022, but it's coming into focus a bit.
     You know, we see the capex for infrastructure going up.
     We still have a very fast-growing business that's growing globally, and we're adding regions and capacity to handle, you know, usage that still exceeds revenue growth in that business.
     So, we feel good about making those investments.
-----
3. [Sentence #45] [PLAN]
     The inflation primarily relates to wage increases and incentives in our operations, as well as higher pricing from third-party carriers supporting our fulfillment network.
     Lost productivity and network disruptions were driven primarily by labor capacity constraints due to challenges in staffing up our facilities for peak.
     This is driven by the very tight labor market in the second half of 2021, and more recently, by the emergence of the omicron variant.
     We do expect these cost challenges to persist in the Q1, albeit adjusted for lower seasonal volumes relative to the fourth quarter.
     Our results also include approximately $1 billion year-over-year negative impact from lower fixed cost leverage in our fulfillment network.
     Recall that we saw very high unit volumes for most of 2020 and the first half of 2021.
     And our fulfillment network was running a close to 100% capacity during this time.
>>> Now, with more normal fulfillment capacity, our operating leverage decreases versus the comparable prior-year periods.
     We expect to continue to see some negative year-over-year impact from this in Q1 of 2022.
     While we navigate these near-term headwinds, the fundamentals of our retail business are strong, and we're optimistic about a number of growth businesses and a strong innovation pipeline.
     AWS delivered another strong quarter of growth, as enterprises and developers continued to look to AWS for critical, innovative cloud solutions.
     Now, the $71 billion annualized revenue run rate, AWS revenue grew 40% every year in Q4, our fourth consecutive quarter of revenue growth rate acceleration.
     We hosted our 10th re:Invent conference in the quarter, welcoming 26,000 in-person attendees and hundreds of thousands who attended virtually.
     re:Invent remains a highlight of the year for us because it's a great opportunity to introduce new services while engaging with customers and partners to better inform where we should be focusing next.
     We announced more than 115 new services and features during the event, as businesses spanning all major industries continue to choose AWS as their technology provider to speed up innovation in their organizations.
-----
4. [Sentence #129] [UNCERTAIN]
     They'll generally roll up into other revenue, which you see is very small after we've separated out advertising.
     So, you know, I think that -- you do see it in our revenue disclosure generally.
     But, you know, a lot of our profitability is shown at the segment level, and we'll continue to do that with the revenue disclosure.
     You asked about the business model, I think it's a good question.
     And we are -- you know, as we reflect over the last two years, we are encouraged by a lot of things.
     You took them off there, the adoption of digital benefits, the use of Grocery, and how valuable that's become to customers.
     Not to mention the acceleration of companies going to the cloud.
>>> The ability to double our fulfillment capacity over that time period, including making major strides in our Amazon logistics, sets us up well for the future.
     And -- but, you know, we've been also dealing with a lot of disruption during this time period.
     So, the early with disruption was handling volume without the capacity to handle it and then quickly playing catch up.
     And as that was starting to improve, labor took a turn in the United States, especially labor availability, and we've really had to, you know, scramble to add workers.
     We've been successful at it.
     We added over 273,000 employees in the last half of last year.
     But I think if you look at the prior year, it was over 400,000.
     So, you know, there's a lot of expansion that's been going on the network, and we feel good about the basic contributors of profitability.
-----

Total context windows: 4
