[AMZN_Q3_2022] fulfillment capacity; AWS growth

1. [Sentence #113] [PLAN]
     The Ukraine war and the energy crisis issues have really compounded in that geography.
     But when I talk about enterprise customers in AWS, yes, we've been working with customers to lower their bills.
     Just like all companies, they want to lower their spend when they're faced with uncertainty in the market.
     I would say one that's real valuable points about cloud computing is that it's turning fixed cost into variable for many of our customers, and we help them save money either through alternative services or Graviton3 chips.
     There's many ways that we have to help them lower their spending and still get great cost performance ratios.
     So what we're really excited about the business, both in the long term and even in the short run, you noticed we've added $4.5 billion to the $16 billion base we had of revenue last Q3, so the business is growing in absolute dollars at a really good clip.
     We do see some of the consumers are cutting their budgets and trying to save money in the short run.
>>> I would say that although we had a 28% growth rate for the quarter for AWS, the back end of the quarter, we were more in the mid-20% growth rate.
     So we've carried that forecast through to the fourth quarter.
     We're not sure how it's going to play out, but that's generally our assumption.
     We're excited about the re:Invent conference that's coming up in late November.
     We expect to have over 40,000 people in Las Vegas and many more tuning in virtually.
     So continue to drive value for customers with new products, new services and, lately also, additional ways for them to manage their budgets and optimize in what is shaping up as a tough economy.
     Operator

Thank you.
     Our next question is from Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan.
-----
2. [Sentence #45] [UNCERTAIN]
     As a reminder, Prime Day occurred in the second quarter of 2021.
     We also debut the two largest Prime Video releases ever.
     The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power attracted more than 25 million global viewers on its first day.
     And in the first two months since its launch, Rings of Power has driven more Prime sign-ups globally than any other Amazon Original.
     NFL Thursday Night Football also premiered in September, averaging more than 15 million viewers during its first broadcast, and driving the three biggest hours of US Prime sign-ups in the history of Amazon.
     Our next broadcast, the seventh of the 15-game schedule, kicks off in a few hours, with the Ravens visiting the Buccaneers.
     We also saw good growth in our advertising offerings where sales grew 30% year-over-year, excluding the impact of foreign exchange as vendors and sellers have embraced our portfolio of products, which allow advertisers to build general awareness and/or drive sales of a specific product.
>>> In AWS, net sales increased to $20.5 billion in Q3, up 28% year-over-year, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, and now representing an annualized sales run rate of $82 billion.
     With the ongoing macroeconomic uncertainties, we've seen an uptick in AWS customers focused on controlling costs.
     And we're proactively working to help customers cost optimize, just as we've done throughout AWS' history, especially in periods of economic uncertainty.
     The breadth and depth of our service offerings enable us to help them do things like move storage to lower-priced tiers options and shift workloads to our Graviton chips.
     Graviton3 processors delivered 40% better price performance than comparable x86-based instances.
     And our teams across AWS continue to work relentlessly to expand that breadth and depth, including recent launches of new EC2 machine learning training instances in AWS IoT fleet-wise.
     And we continue to expand the AWS infrastructure footprint to support customers with the launch of the AWS Middle East region in August and the recent announcement to launch AWS Asia Pacific region in Thailand.
     Now, let's shift to operating income.
-----

Total context windows: 2
