[TSLA_Q4_2019] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #41] [PLAN]
     I have never seen actually such a level of demand at this this -- we've never seen anything like it basically.
     I think we will make as about as many as we can sell for many years.
     So -- as many -- we'll sell as many as we can make, it's going to be pretty nuts.
     So, and I think actually the product is better than people realize even, they don't even have enough information to realize just the awesomeness of it, it's just great.
     So and then stepping back in 2018 from a financial standpoint, we were free cash flow was breakeven, but in 2019 we managed to generate more than $1 billion free cash flow, while building a factory in Shanghai in record time and while building parts of Model Y in production.
     So, I think to -- for us to have this level of free cash flow while making massive investments in capacity, while developing new products, while improving the core engineering is a testament to the -- I think incredible performance of the Tesla team and I'm just so proud to work with such a great team.
     I'd like to thank the whole Tesla team for their ongoing work on cost control and is what has allowed us to get to this compelling financial numbers, while at the same time growing the company at an incredible pace.
>>> And in conclusion when I think of what we have in front of us, the next couple of years, we've got Model Y, we've got Giga Berlin, Tesla Semi, Solarglass Roof, Cybertruck some very exciting improvements in battery technology for the full self-driving, we got the next-gen Roadster and probably in a bunch of other products we'll [indiscernible] too.
     It's hard to think of another company that has more exciting product and technology roadmap.
     So super-fired up about where Tesla will be in the next 10 years.
     If you look back 10 years from today to 2010, we will produce approximately a 1,000 times more cars in 2020 then we produced in 2010, 8,000 and we have also Solarglass and solar retrofit, Powerwall and Powerpack other things too.
     So where we will be in 10 years, very excited to consider the prospect.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much Elon and Zachary some opening remarks as well.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes.
     Thanks, Martin.
-----
2. [Sentence #31] [PLAN]
     I'm really excited and optimistic about the potential for the Shanghai factory.
     I think it's going to be incredible asset to the company and we also broke ground on the Model Y factory in Shanghai, so lot of good progress there.
     Regarding Model Y, it was only 10 months ago that we revealed a Model Y prototype.
     And now in January this year, we started producing Model Y in limited volumes already.
     Now this is thanks to a great effort of our engineering team and we managed to achieve by far the highest energy efficiency of any electric SUV ever produced at 4.1 miles per kilowatt hour, which means Model Y four wheeler drive got EPA rating of 315 miles and this improvement is reflected on the configurator as of today.
     This is above what we previously stated by a pretty significant margin.
     And then just with great acceleration, top speed, it's really just an incredible specs all around.
>>> For the Cybertruck, a few months ago we revealed obviously we revealed the Cybertruck, and that was -- that went viral and we tried to build a product that -a product that is superior in every way without any preconceptions of how such product should look.
     So it really just from the standpoint of what's the most badass, futuristic, armored personnel carrier that kicks the ass of any pickup truck, basically that's the goal.
     And we wanted it to look like something that just came out of the sci-fi movie set from the future and the demand has been incredible.
     I have never seen actually such a level of demand at this this -- we've never seen anything like it basically.
     I think we will make as about as many as we can sell for many years.
     So -- as many -- we'll sell as many as we can make, it's going to be pretty nuts.
     So, and I think actually the product is better than people realize even, they don't even have enough information to realize just the awesomeness of it, it's just great.
     So and then stepping back in 2018 from a financial standpoint, we were free cash flow was breakeven, but in 2019 we managed to generate more than $1 billion free cash flow, while building a factory in Shanghai in record time and while building parts of Model Y in production.
-----
3. [Sentence #270] [PLAN]
     Let's go to the next question.
     Operator

Our next question comes from [indiscernible].
     Unidentified Analyst

Good afternoon and congratulations on the progress.
     First question related to Cybertruck, you mentioned you will sell as many as you can make.
     Can you remind me how many you think you can make and any thoughts on the cost of production for making those Cybertrucks?
     Elon Musk

Yes, I think we don't comment on those detailed numbers except the demand is just far more than we could reasonably make in the space of, I don't know, three or four years, something like that.
     So the thing we're going to be really focused on is increasing battery production capacity because that's very fundamental because if you don't improve battery production capacity, then you end up just shifting unit volume from one product to another and you haven't actually produced more electric vehicles.
>>> So that's part of the reason why we have not for example really accelerated production of the Tesla Semi because it does use a lot of cells and unless we've got a lot of battery cells available then -- and say like accelerating production of the Tesla Semi would then necessarily mean making pure Model 3 or Model Y cars.
     So we've got a really -- make sure we get a very steep ramp in battery production and continue to improve the cost per kilowatt of the batteries.
     This is very fundamental and extremely difficult.
     So that we said we're going to do kind of like a Battery Day just to kind of explain more about this what our plans are.
     I think probably it's going to make sense to do that after the end of this quarter, because I think it's going to be kind of an intense end of quarter as it was last quarter.
     So tentatively sort of in the April timeframe, we will do a Battery Day and kind of go through what the challenges are, how do you get from here to, I don't know a couple of thousand gigawatt hours a year or something.
     Unidentified Analyst

Great.
     I'll look forward to that Battery Day.
-----

Total context windows: 3
