[TSLA_Q3_2023] Did Tesla deliver on its construction and production targets for Giga Shanghai, Giga Berlin, and Giga Texas between 2022 and 2023?

1. [Sentence #448] [UNCERTAIN]
     And I mean think we’ll start the initial phases of construction next year.
     But I am still somewhat scarred by 2009 when General Motors and Chrysler went bankrupt.
     While that’s now 14 years ago, it’s -- that is seared into my mind with a branding iron because Tesla was just hanging on by a thread during that entire time and with -- I mean, we closed a financing round in 2008 at 6 p.m. December 24th, Christmas Eve.
     And if we had not closed that financing round, we would have bounced payroll two days after Christmas.
     So we actually closed that around the last hour, the last day that it was possible, stressful to say the least, and then barely made it through 2009.
     So, I’m like -- I want to just -- I don’t want to be going at top speed into uncertainty.
     A lot of wars going on in the world obviously as well, so -- and we have room here.
>>> Unidentified Company Representative

Like in Giga Texas.
     You said we still have room in this building.
     It’s not full with Cybertruck and the line.
     There’s plenty of growth opportunities still to have inside the building where our team already is.
     Elon Musk

We also have 2,000 acres here.
     Unidentified Company Representative

There’s also…

Elon Musk

We’re actually only occupying a tiny corner of the land that we have.
     We could technically do all the scaling, research just here.
     So, personnel is our biggest challenge and the greater Austin area only has -- generously the greater Austin area only has 2 million people.
-----
2. [Sentence #262] [UNCERTAIN]
     So I mean, yes, it’s like the economics of the system are just insanely positive given that the car -- like all of the cars we’re making and have made for a while, we believe, are capable of full autonomy.
     So then if you’re able to say increase the utility of that car by a factor of 5, which only means that you’re -- it’s being used for maybe 50 hours a week out of 168, so you still notice -- you’re still assuming -- that still assumes less than 1/3 of the hours of the week is doing something useful.
     You’ve increased the value of that by 5, but it still costs the same, like you have something -- then we’re a hardware company with software margins.
     Martin Viecha

Pierre, do you have a follow-up?
     Pierre Ferragu

Yes, I have actually a follow-up on different topic for you that I have if that’s okay.
     It’s about like your gross margin in the quarter.
     Could you give us a sense of like in how the gross margin evolved sequentially, how much was the impact of idle cost?
>>> How much was like the sequential benefit, I imagine, of production ramping at Berlin and Austin?
     And then I saw like this massive jump in energy storage, very strong positive surprise.
     So, if you can give us the background on that and tell us how we should think about that gross margin going forward.
     Vaibhav Taneja

Thanks for the question.
     So, in terms of -- you have few different aspects of your question.
     So if I just look at from Q3 perspective, obviously, factory idle time had an impact.
     It did impact by -- and I won’t give you the exact percentage, but it had a decent impact for the quarter.
     And when you look at the other pieces, which we are trying to do, we did see certain of our other factories ramping up pretty well, right?
-----
3. [Sentence #99] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     This quarter we convert to building a 100% Cybertruck cells to simplify and focus the factory as we ramp all four lines in Phase 1 over the next three quarters.
     Phase 2 of the Texas 4680 facility is currently under construction.
     The additional four lines incorporate further capital efficiencies over Phase 1, and our target is for them to start producing in late 2024.
     Lastly, in Kato, we’re retooling to enable large scale pallet runs of our next generation cell designs.
     Kato’s long-term goal is to be the launch pad for new cells, one generation ahead of our mass production facilities, enabling faster iteration and smoother ramp ups of new designs.
     A – Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question from institutional investors.
>>> Could you please provide an update on capacity expansion plans for company’s factories in Berlin and Austin, and the opening schedule of Gigafactory Mexico?
     A – Unidentified Company Representative

Berlin and Austin factories, the current priority is actually maximize the output from our existing lines, by laser focus on efficiency improvement.
     As always, maintaining a high quality and the reducing per unit cost will be as critical as growing the production volume.
     For Mexico, we’re working on infrastructure and factory design in parallel with the engineering and development of the new production that we’ll be manufacturing there.
     That’s what I can share for now.
     Elon Musk

In Mexico we’re laying the groundwork to begin construction and doing all the long lead items.
     But I think we want to just get a sense for what the global economy is like before we go full tilt on the Mexico factory.
     I’m worried about the high interest rate environment that we’re in.
-----

Total context windows: 3
