[TSLA_Q4_2022] Did Tesla achieve its multi-year goal of ramping global Model 3 deliveries from 2019 to 2020 across North America, Europe, and China?

1. [Sentence #107] [PLAN]
     Elon Musk

Demand far exceeds production, and we actually are making some small price increases as a result.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The second question is in a similar vein.
     What has the initial reaction been to global price reductions in early 1Q 2023, specifically in terms of order intake levels?
     We've answered that one as well.
     So let's go to the next one.
     The next investor question is, will Tesla be able to take full advantage of advanced manufacturing production credits for battery cells packs?
>>> So $3,700 per long-range Model 3 and Model Y, it's $45 a kilowatt-hour for autos and energy products and how much does Tesla expect to earn in the coming year from these credits?
     Elon Musk

I'll say a little bit about it, then I think Zach will add some.
     Long term, we expect these -- the value of these credits to be very significant.
     You can do the math if we were to get anyone your 1,000 gigawatt-hours a year of production or even a few hundred gigawatt-hours, it's very significant.
     So -- but the credits do rely upon domestic manufacturing.
     And in the case of Panasonic domestic manufacturing, we're splitting the value of the credits.
     So it -- the value of credits this year will not be gigantic, but I think it could be gigantic -- we think it probably will be very significant in the future.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes, just to add and input some boundaries on what we're expecting in terms of impact to Tesla for this year.
-----
2. [Sentence #36] [PILOT]
     So, basically, price really matters.
     I think there's just a vast number of people that wanted to buy a Tesla car, but can't afford it.
     And so these price changes really make a difference for the average consumer.
     It’s sometimes for those -- for people who are well -- who have a lot of money, they sort of forget about how important affordability is.
     And it's always been our goal at Tesla to make cars that are affordable to as many people as possible, so I'm glad that we're able to do so.
     And yes, so I think it's a good thing, all things considered.
     We're also making very good progress on cost control and we're seeing the cost production in Berlin and Austin drop commensurate with the growth in production, as you'd expect, so yeah.
>>> With respect to Autopilot, as of now, we deployed full-self driving beta for city streets to roughly 400,000 customers in North America.
     This is a huge milestone for autonomy as FSD Beta is the only way any consumer can actually test the latest AI-powered autonomy.
     And we're currently at about 100 million miles of FSD outside of highways.
     And our published data shows that improvement in safety system -- stuttering here, safety statistics, it's very clear.
     So we would not have released the FSD Beta if the safety statistics were not excellent.
     Regarding batteries, production rate of 4680 cells reached 1,000 cars a week at the end of last year, and we're increasing capacity for 4680 cells by another 100 gigawatt-hours as announced at Giga Nevada yesterday.
     Our long-term goal is to get to well in excess of 1,000 gigawatt-hours of cells produced internally and continue to use the self cell providers.
     So to be clear, we will continue to use other cell providers.
-----
3. [Sentence #73] [UNCERTAIN]
     On a full year basis: revenue increased over 50%, operating income doubled, free cash flows increased over 50%, and our margins remained industry-leading.
     Additionally, we continued to make progress on overhead efficiencies as non-GAAP OpEx as a percentage of revenue improved further.
     For Q4 specifically, sequential and annual margin was impacted by ASP reductions, as we are managing through COVID impacts in China, uncertainty around the consumer tax credit in the U.S., and a rising interest rate environment.
     Note that in 2022, rising interest rates alone had effectively increased the price of our cars in the U.S. by nearly 10%.
     Additionally, COGS per unit has increased on a year-over-year basis, driven primarily by three factors.
     First is raw materials and inflation led by lithium prices and discussed at length in previous calls.
     Second, we are working through the early ramp of inefficiencies of our Austin and Berlin and in-house cell production factories.
>>> Third, our vehicle mix over the last year has moved more heavily towards Model Y, which carries a slight cost premium to Model 3.
     Partially offsetting these impacts, we've continued to execute on Tesla controllable cost reductions, in line with the progress we've made in prior years.
     These improvements include our continued work to gradually move towards a regionally balanced build of vehicles.
     The Energy business had its strongest year yet across all metrics, led by steady improvement in both retail and commercial storage.
     While much work remains to grow this business and improve costs, we believe we are on a good trajectory.
     As we look towards 2023, we are moving forward aggressively leveraging our strength and cost.
     There are three key points I wanted to make here.
     First, on demand, as Elon mentioned, customer interest in our products remains high.
-----
4. [Sentence #409] [PLAN]
     The Chinese are scary; we always say that.
     But like a lot of people always look at the EV market share, but we always look at it is how much of the total vehicle space do we have, and we're just going to keep growing in that space.
     There's 95% for us to go get.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     And I don't want to say like -- I think we have a lot of respect for the car companies in China.
     They are the most competitive in the world, that is our experience and the Chinese market, it is the most competitive.
     They work the hardest and they work the smartest, that's so for the China car companies that we're competing against.
>>> And so we would guess, there are probably some company out of China as the most likely to be second to Tesla.
     We are -- the Telsa China team is winning in China.
     And I think we actually are able to attract the best talent in China.
     So, hopefully, that continues.
     So, yes, so we're fired about the future and well, it's going to be great.
     George Gianarikas

Just as a follow-up, the Inflation Reduction Act has created huge tax incentives for commercial vehicles.
     You mentioned an incredibly interesting product pipeline.
     Are there maybe some plans to accelerate commercial vehicle form factors outside of the Tesla Semi to help accelerate EV adoption?
-----
5. [Sentence #33] [PILOT]
     So it’s hard to say that will continue twice the rate of production, but the orders are high.
     And we've actually raised the Model Y price a little bit in response to that.
     So, we don’t -- we think demand will be good despite probably a contraction in the automotive market as a whole.
     So, basically, price really matters.
     I think there's just a vast number of people that wanted to buy a Tesla car, but can't afford it.
     And so these price changes really make a difference for the average consumer.
     It’s sometimes for those -- for people who are well -- who have a lot of money, they sort of forget about how important affordability is.
>>> And it's always been our goal at Tesla to make cars that are affordable to as many people as possible, so I'm glad that we're able to do so.
     And yes, so I think it's a good thing, all things considered.
     We're also making very good progress on cost control and we're seeing the cost production in Berlin and Austin drop commensurate with the growth in production, as you'd expect, so yeah.
     With respect to Autopilot, as of now, we deployed full-self driving beta for city streets to roughly 400,000 customers in North America.
     This is a huge milestone for autonomy as FSD Beta is the only way any consumer can actually test the latest AI-powered autonomy.
     And we're currently at about 100 million miles of FSD outside of highways.
     And our published data shows that improvement in safety system -- stuttering here, safety statistics, it's very clear.
     So we would not have released the FSD Beta if the safety statistics were not excellent.
-----
6. [Sentence #50] [PLAN]
     So to be clear, we will continue to use other cell providers.
     Just that the demand for lithium ion batteries is quasi-infinite and will be for quite some time.
     So we feel we can scale a lot faster using both suppliers and internally produced cells.
     And we've got an amazing plan for making the 4680 cell low-cost and high energy density.
     So, energy storage also saw record growth and that is continuing to accelerate.
     That's always worth remembering that the three pillars of a sustainable energy future are obviously electric vehicles, solar and wind, and then the third key item is stationary storage to store the energy from solar and wind because obviously, the sun doesn't shine all the time and the wind doesn't blow all the time.
     So you have those three things, you can convert all of it to a fully sustainable situation many times over, actually.
>>> So, I would like to just make it clear that there is a path to a fully sustainable future for humanity, and our goal at Tesla is to accelerate progress on that path as much as humanly possible.
     So yeah, so we were obviously ramping up Megapack production.
     And we expect it to grow at a rate quite a bit faster than our - the goal output.
     So in conclusion, we are taking a view that we want to keep making and selling as many cars as we can.
     We believe we can keep pushing for strong volume growth while retaining the industry's best operating margins.
     As we mentioned many times before, we want to be the best manufacturer.
     But really, manufacturing technology will be our most important long-term strength.
     And we'll talk more about our upcoming plans at the March 1st Investor Day.
-----

Total context windows: 6
