[TSLA_Q4_2022] model-y cost tesla 2020-2024

1. [Sentence #73] [UNCERTAIN]
     On a full year basis: revenue increased over 50%, operating income doubled, free cash flows increased over 50%, and our margins remained industry-leading.
     Additionally, we continued to make progress on overhead efficiencies as non-GAAP OpEx as a percentage of revenue improved further.
     For Q4 specifically, sequential and annual margin was impacted by ASP reductions, as we are managing through COVID impacts in China, uncertainty around the consumer tax credit in the U.S., and a rising interest rate environment.
     Note that in 2022, rising interest rates alone had effectively increased the price of our cars in the U.S. by nearly 10%.
     Additionally, COGS per unit has increased on a year-over-year basis, driven primarily by three factors.
     First is raw materials and inflation led by lithium prices and discussed at length in previous calls.
     Second, we are working through the early ramp of inefficiencies of our Austin and Berlin and in-house cell production factories.
>>> Third, our vehicle mix over the last year has moved more heavily towards Model Y, which carries a slight cost premium to Model 3.
     Partially offsetting these impacts, we've continued to execute on Tesla controllable cost reductions, in line with the progress we've made in prior years.
     These improvements include our continued work to gradually move towards a regionally balanced build of vehicles.
     The Energy business had its strongest year yet across all metrics, led by steady improvement in both retail and commercial storage.
     While much work remains to grow this business and improve costs, we believe we are on a good trajectory.
     As we look towards 2023, we are moving forward aggressively leveraging our strength and cost.
     There are three key points I wanted to make here.
     First, on demand, as Elon mentioned, customer interest in our products remains high.
-----
2. [Sentence #27] [UNCERTAIN]
     So, it's worth noting that all these records were in the phase of massive difficulties.
     [Indiscernible] credit to the team for achieving that.
     The most common question we've been getting from investors is about demand.
     Thus far -- so I want to put that concern to rest.
     Thus far in January, we've seen the strongest orders year-to-date than ever in our history.
     We currently are seeing orders at almost twice the rate of production.
     So it’s hard to say that will continue twice the rate of production, but the orders are high.
>>> And we've actually raised the Model Y price a little bit in response to that.
     So, we don’t -- we think demand will be good despite probably a contraction in the automotive market as a whole.
     So, basically, price really matters.
     I think there's just a vast number of people that wanted to buy a Tesla car, but can't afford it.
     And so these price changes really make a difference for the average consumer.
     It’s sometimes for those -- for people who are well -- who have a lot of money, they sort of forget about how important affordability is.
     And it's always been our goal at Tesla to make cars that are affordable to as many people as possible, so I'm glad that we're able to do so.
     And yes, so I think it's a good thing, all things considered.
-----
3. [Sentence #107] [PLAN]
     Elon Musk

Demand far exceeds production, and we actually are making some small price increases as a result.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The second question is in a similar vein.
     What has the initial reaction been to global price reductions in early 1Q 2023, specifically in terms of order intake levels?
     We've answered that one as well.
     So let's go to the next one.
     The next investor question is, will Tesla be able to take full advantage of advanced manufacturing production credits for battery cells packs?
>>> So $3,700 per long-range Model 3 and Model Y, it's $45 a kilowatt-hour for autos and energy products and how much does Tesla expect to earn in the coming year from these credits?
     Elon Musk

I'll say a little bit about it, then I think Zach will add some.
     Long term, we expect these -- the value of these credits to be very significant.
     You can do the math if we were to get anyone your 1,000 gigawatt-hours a year of production or even a few hundred gigawatt-hours, it's very significant.
     So -- but the credits do rely upon domestic manufacturing.
     And in the case of Panasonic domestic manufacturing, we're splitting the value of the credits.
     So it -- the value of credits this year will not be gigantic, but I think it could be gigantic -- we think it probably will be very significant in the future.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes, just to add and input some boundaries on what we're expecting in terms of impact to Tesla for this year.
-----

Total context windows: 3
