[TSLA_Q4_2024] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #337] [PLAN]
     That's $1 billion a month at some point probably.
     But all this is going to pale in comparison to Optimus.
     So, yes, $1 billion a month is a lot but it's not it's going to be like 1% of Optimus.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much.
     We already covered the next question in opening remarks, so moving on.
     Is it expected that Tesla that will need to upgrade Hardware 3 vehicles?
>>> And if so, what is the timeline and expected impact to Tesla's capex?
     I think they're referring to cost there.
     Lars Moravy -- Vice President, Vehicle Engineering

They're really asking the tough questions, aren't they?
     Vaibhav Taneja -- Chief Financial Officer

I guess we haven't started working on Hardware 3 yet.
     We are still making software releases.
     We released the 12.6 release recently, which was like a baby V13, but it's a significant improvement compared to what they had previously.
     People are still finding ways to distill larger models in the smaller models.
     So, we're not giving up on Hardware.
-----
2. [Sentence #302] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     And then I said like, once we start -- once we're at a steady state of above 1 million units a year, I think the production -- I'm confident at 1 million units a year, that the production cost of Optimus will be less than $20,000.
     If you compare the complexity of Optimus to the complexity of a car, so just the total mass and complexity of Optimus is much less than a car.
     So, I would expect that at similar volumes to say the Model Y, which is over 1 million units a year, that you'd see Optimus be, I don't know, half the cost or something like that.
     What the price of Optimus is a different matter.
     The price of Optimus will be set by the market demand.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much.
>>> The next question is, what is the status on mass production of the Tesla Semi?
     And how will it impact revenue and scale?
     Lars Moravy -- Vice President, Vehicle Engineering

I can take that one.
     So, we just closed out the Semi factory roof of walls last week in Reno, a schedule, which is great with the weather.
     In Reno, you never know what's going to happen.
     But we're prepping for mechanical installation of all the equipment in the coming months.
     The first builds of the high volumes in design come late this year in 2025 and begin ramping early in 2026.
     But as we've said before, the Semi is a TCO, no-brainer.
-----
3. [Sentence #13] [PLAN]
     These comments are based on predictions and expectations as of today.
     Actual events or results could differ materially due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those mentioned in our most recent filings with the SEC.
     During the question-and-answer portion of today's call, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
     [Operator instructions] Before we jump into Q&A, Elon has some opening remarks.
     Elon?
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

Thank you.
     So, in summary, in Q4, we set record and delivered vehicles at an annualized rate of nearly 2 million a year.
>>> So, congratulations to the Tesla team on excellent work, achieving record production and deliveries.
     Model Y was the best-selling vehicle of any kind for 2024.
     Where to invest $1,000 right now
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen.
     After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,040% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 182% for the S&P 500.
     They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…

Learn more ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of July 21, 2025

That's worth noting.
     Not just the best electric vehicle, the best vehicle of any kind on Earth, No.
     1 was Model Y.
     We are staying focused on maximizing volumes and obviously doubling down -- I don't know what -- really, I was going to say doubling down in autonomy, but really, it's like autonomy is like 10x-ing frankly.
-----

Total context windows: 3
