[TSLA_Q1_2022] How did Tesla’s energy storage business (Powerwall, Powerpack, Megapack) scale from 2019 to 2024, and was this growth aligned with Elon Musk’s targets?

1. [Sentence #1] [PLAN]
>>> Company Participants

Martin Viecha - VP, IR
Elon Musk - CEO
Zachary Kirkhorn - CFO
Andrew Baglino - SVP, Powertrain and Energy Engineering
Lars Moravy - VP, Vehicle Engineering

Conference Call Participants

Dan Levy - CSFB
Rod Lache - Wolfe Research
Pierre Ferragu - New Street Research
Trip Chowdhry - Global Equities Research
Alex Potter - Piper Sandler
Colin Langan - Wells Fargo
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs

Martin Viecha

Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Tesla’s First Quarter 2022 Q&A Webcast.
     My name is Martin Viecha, VP of Investor Relations, and I’m joined today by Elon Musk, Zachary Kirkhorn and a number of other executives.
     Our Q1 results were announced at about 3 p.m. Central Time in the update deck we published at the same link as this webcast.
     During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements.
     These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today.
     Actual events and results could differ materially due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those mentioned in our most recent filings with the SEC.
     During the question-and-answer portion of today’s call, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
     Please use the Raise Hand button to join the question queue.
-----
2. [Sentence #428] [PLAN]
     We don’t have the [Technical Difficulty].
     So, to your point, I haven’t counted them because I don’t often look back at old technologies to decide how well I’m doing.
     I check that once in a while.
     But in general, architecture is always moving to reduce complexity, reduce parts or reduce parts count.
     I would say, ignoring the battery cells, we are probably 20% to 30% less.
     Elon Musk

All right.
     Martin Viecha

Okay.
>>> Elon Musk

Do we expect to expand?
     Yes, we do expect to expand Giga Nevada.
     There’s a lot of room for expansion there, and we do expect to increase output from Nevada, but by far, the biggest increase in output will be from Giga Texas.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     The next question comes from Alex Potter from Piper Sandler.
     Alex, can you hear us?
     Alex Potter

Yes.
     Hi Martin, can you hear me?
-----
3. [Sentence #243] [PLAN]
     Yes, yes.
     So, we’re going to be recycling the casting aluminum wheels from legacy gasoline cars as well and throwing that in the melting pot for our aluminum cast body of Model Y.
     And also we’ll be moving to the sort of cast part rear body in all vehicles over time?
     Well, actually, maybe not S/X, but 3/Y.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     At what rate do you expect Berlin and Austin to ramp relative to Shanghai?
     Are you able to leverage learnings from Shanghai, or are the processes substantially different in the new factories?
>>> Elon Musk

Ramp production faster than Shanghai because we have learned a lot.
     And we’ve now gone through the -- we have basically veteran teams that obviously in the 3/Y ramp -- Y ramp especially in multiple locations.
     And we’re obviously sharing what we’ve learned.
     And so, we don’t want to get complacent or entitled, but this should be a faster ramp because we have learned more, and we have done a lot to simplify the production prices of Model Y that should lead us to a faster ramp within Texas and Berlin.
     Yes.
     Andrew Baglino

But we also had a structural casting, about 30% less robots, we expect to almost double the capacity for body, for example, reducing the number of robots, but doubling our capacity in a lot of areas.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     Right.
-----
4. [Sentence #316] [PLAN]
     Dan Levy

Second question, one of the initial goals of Model 3 way back when was to have an EV that was affordable for a wide portion of the market.
     And we know prices are much higher now just given the supply constraints.
     Prices are higher for all other automakers.
     We know that there’s inflation that you’re battling through, and some of that needs to be passed through the price of the vehicles.
     And you’re going to be supply-constrained for the foreseeable future.
     So, it’s one of the points.
     But given the goal long term of making EVs more widely available to the masses over time, how do you look at the progression of prices over time?
>>> Elon Musk

We absolutely want to make EVs as affordable as possible.
     It’s been very difficult with the -- I mean, I think, inflation is at like a 40 or 50-year high.
     And I think the official numbers actually understate the true magnitude of inflation, so.
     And that inflation appears to be likely to continue for at least the remainder of this year is what -- when we’re talking to suppliers, suppliers are under severe cost pressure.
     So, yes, and in some cases, we’re seeing suppliers request 20% to 30% cost increases for parts from last year to the end of this year.
     So, it’s -- there’s a lot of cost pressure there.
     That’s why we raised our prices because we -- when things are on -- with respect to inflation, you know it’s high, then -- and we’ve got orders that go out a year or more in some cases, then we have to anticipate those cost increases.
     But I think, especially with the robotaxi and autonomy, I think we will end up providing consumers with, by far, the lowest cost per mile of transport that they’ve ever experienced.
-----
5. [Sentence #64] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     So, I have very high confidence in the teams of both factories.
     And we expect to ramp those initially slowly, but like I said, growing exponentially with them achieving high volume by the end of this year.
     So, we’re also working on a new vehicle that I alluded to at the Giga Texas opening, which is a dedicated robotaxi.
     That’s highly optimized for autonomy, meaning it would not have steering wheel or pedals.
     And there are a number of other innovations around it that I think are quite exciting.
     That is fundamentally optimized for -- trying to achieve the lowest fully considered cost per mile or cost per kilometer, accounting everything.
     And so, it’s, I think, going to be a very powerful product where we aspire to reach volume production of that in 2024.
>>> So, I think that really will be a massive driver of Tesla’s growth.
     And we remain on track to reach volume production of the Cybertruck next year.
     So, it’s basically -- once again, I’d like to thank the Tesla employees for their hard work, but also I’d like to thank our suppliers who’ve really gone the extra mile.
     They -- we have an amazing supplier group, and I want say heartfelt thanks to the suppliers that have really worked day and night to ensure that Tesla is able to keep the factories running.
     And we’re really at the early stage of that journey.
     We only crossed 1 million units in the past 12 months recently.
     And we are -- we aspire to head to 20 million units a year.
     So, we’re basically 5% along the way towards our goal.
-----
6. [Sentence #225] [UNCERTAIN]
     So we’re looking carefully at all of the raw materials and trying to figure out how we can accelerate the total amount of raw materials needed to transition the world to sustainability.
     And I think we’ve got -- we don’t have enough time on this call to really go through all those details, but we are thinking about these things.
     And we think we’ll have some exciting announcements in the months to come.
     Andrew Baglino

Yes.
     One thing I want to call out is like we’re also committed to recycling at all of our cell factories.
     We’re recycling 50 tons a week right now in Reno and ramping to 150 with all of that reclaimed material going directly back into our cathode supply chain.
     So, we’re looking at the beginning and end of life needs here.
>>> Elon Musk

And that’s true like since Reno, we built a Gigafactory and we started doing that with batteries.
     But as we build newer factories or vehicles, for example, Giga Texas here, where we are today, we said was all of its non-yielded or scrap aluminum from the stamping shop directly into the casting shop.
     We regrind any plastic figures out.
     And so, we’re really concerned about raw materials, not just like mining them and consuming them, but when we get them in the door, using all 100% of them.
     Andrew Baglino

Yes.
     No, that’s a great point.
     So, we’re storing -- we’re installing sort of furnaces [ph] for probably for aluminum like sort for the Model Y that we’ve built here in Giga Texas has both a front and a rear body casting.
     So, we’re casting almost two-thirds of the body.
-----
7. [Sentence #25] [PLAN]
     Thus, cars delivered in Q1 generally carried pricing set in prior quarters and at levels lower than cars being ordered today.
     Our per unit vehicle cost increased as well.
     Inflation, raw material prices, expedite and logistics costs continues to impact our cost structure.
     Factory shutdowns also occurred with little to no notice.
     Hence, we are unable to take action to plan those interruptions in a cost-efficient manner.
     Additionally, we saw a slight mix shift towards more profitable vehicles, including the Model Y.
     We also recognized a onetime benefit of $288 million from credit revenue relating to a regulatory change in the U.S. CAFE penalty, without of which credit revenue would have declined compared to the same period last year.
>>> The energy business has continued to be impacted by macro conditions, more severely than the vehicle business.
     Our storage products, our need of chip supply and new import processes have impacted supply of certain components for our solar systems, which is reflected in our solar volume for the quarter.
     OpEx as a percentage of revenue continues to reduce, driven by higher revenue, lower stock-based comp expense and other items.
     As a result of our ongoing improvements in operating leverage, we achieved a record operating margin of over 19%.
     Note that commissioning costs for our factories are in R&D as Berlin started production in late March and Austin in early April.
     These costs will be in automotive costs going forward, given these factories are now producing customer sellable cars.
     Our free cash flows have remained quite strong, yet were impacted by working capital related to lower-than-planned production.
     Additionally, we have reduced our debt, excluding product financing, to nearly zero.
-----
8. [Sentence #265] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     When can we expect more details on the product offering to be unveiled?
     Is this something that people can own, or will this be only offered by Tesla as a service?
     Elon Musk

So, I think we want to hold up on -- we don’t want to jump the gun on an exciting product announcement too much.
     So, I think, we’ll aim to -- we do a product event for robotaxi next year and get into more detail, but we are aiming for volume production in 2024.
     Martin Viecha

All right.
     And maybe the last question from investors is, what is the current run rate of 4680 cell production at Fremont and at Giga Texas?
     What do you expect run rates of 4680 to be in Fremont and the Giga Texas or Berlin at the end of the year?
>>> Elon Musk

Well, Berlin is using the 2170 nonstructural pack.
     So, they’re not constrained by 4680.
     They will transition to 4680 hopefully later this year, but current billing production does not to require that.
     We also have, just as a risk mitigation, 2170 nonstructural pack capability in -- here at Giga Texas as well.
     But -- if things go according to plan, we will be in volume production with 4680 sometime perhaps towards the end of the third quarter and certainly in the fourth quarter.
     Is that accurate?
     Andrew Baglino

Yes.
     And the other thing I would add is like with the China COVID shutdown and the semiconductor bottlenecks we had through Q4 and hence a little bit in Q1, we have sizable cell inventory at the moment, and excess cells to support the 2022 volume targets you described.
-----
9. [Sentence #202] [PLAN]
     So, we’re saving huge on CapEx, on utilities and personnel.
     We know what those loads are and how many people are needed to run what is basically in a highly automized factory.
     And we have massive reductions in both of those.
     So, like the cost model is well understood.
     It’s really about rate and yield, which will come in time, as Elon said, over the course of this year and next.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
>>> And the next question is, how does Tesla plan to secure raw materials required to scale to extreme size?
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     So, this is something we think about quite a lot.
     It depends what extreme size means.
     But certainly looking at, like, say, the $5 million, $10 million, $20 million -- 5 million, 10 million, 20 million vehicle levels, you really have to analyze the sort of macroeconomic, just like what is the tonnage of lithium that you need, of nickel, of iron phosphate, of graphite separators, electrolytes.
     It looks like really you think of like just macro tonnage.
     And when we need to think about this for the world as a whole, because just -- we want to -- what are limiting factors for accelerating the advent of a sustainable energy future.
     And whatever the most limiting factors are, Tesla will take action on those limiting factors.
-----
10. [Sentence #388] [UNCERTAIN]
     Can you hear me well?
     Martin Viecha

Yes.
     Pierre Ferragu

Great.
     I’d like to ask you some questions about free cash flow.
     Do you -- so first, maybe in the long run, if you look at your performance and your growth model and your growth ambitions, I did the math very quick.
     And I see you guys sitting on $400 billion or maybe $500 billion of cash at the end of the decade.
     And I was wondering if it’s something you have given some thoughts about.
>>> Elon Musk

If inflation keeps going crazy, $500 billion might be like $20 billion today.
     I don’t know.
     So, we’ll see what $500 billion buys you in a decade, but it might be a lot less.
     So, I don’t know if we’ll -- that seems like a lot of cash.
     I don’t know.
     We’ll try to do something useful with it.
     I mean, Zach, I don’t know -- I realize that’s problem, that’s for sure.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

The way we’ve been -- I think we have to take this one step at a time.
-----

Total context windows: 10
