[TSLA_Q4_2023 [Transcript]] tell me about cybertruck production from tesla from 2021-2023

1. [Sentence #465] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     Dan Levy

Hi.
     Good evening.
     Thank you for taking the questions.
     First, I'm wondering if you can just walk through some of the gating factors required to unlock your next-gen platform.
     You talked about a number of cost initiatives back at the Investor Day a year ago, things in manufacturing and powertrain.
     Maybe you can just give us a sense of where these initiatives stand.
     And do you believe -- we know that there's a number of new features and technologies in Cybertruck, things like 48 volts architecture, really employing your 4680 batteries.
>>> To what extent do you think Cybertruck is really a proving ground for the next-gen platform and is really going to be a gating factor to unlocking the cost reductions needed for the next-gen platform?
     Lars Moravy

Yeah, I don't think that anything on Cybertruck should be considered gating for the next-gen platform.
     We're obviously doing a lot of manufacturing innovation, as Elon said, for a next-generation vehicle.
     When you do something at that scale, you have to prove it out.
     You don't just throw it on the line and just build it.
     So we're going through those validation phases for all those new manufacturing technologies now.
     Sure, 48 volts was definitely something we wanted to carry forward, and it's something we hope the industry adopts as well.
     We're also open to partnering.
-----
2. [Sentence #304] [PLAN]
     Elon Musk

Yeah.
     It's like finally, the future.
     Looks like the future.
     It's just -- for the other trucks on the road there, which -- there's some very good trucks on the road, but if you were to switch out the brand name, you wouldn't hardly know which company made them, but you definitely would know the Cybertruck.
     That's our best product ever.
     Martin Viecha

All right.
     Thank you.
>>> The next question is, can we get Tesla Energy volumes reported in the production and delivery release?
     Karn Budhiraj

Yeah.
     We will strive to do so starting from this quarter.
     And just a brief update from the business perspective.
     Megapack continues to see strong demand signals globally, driving consistent growth trajectory through '24 and '25.
     We want to thank all of our partners who've put their trust in the Megapack team to execute on critical infrastructure around the world.
     And I would like to personally thank the Megapack engineering and production teams for their strong 2023 execution.
     Lathrop continues to ramp through 2024 with the operation of a second final assembly line to double capacity from 20 gigawatt to 40 gigawatt hours by the end of the year.
-----
3. [Sentence #12] [PLAN]
     These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today.
     Actual events or results could differ materially due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those mentioned in our most recent filings with the SEC.
     During the question-and-answer portion of today's call, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
     Please use the raise hand button to join the question queue.
     But before we jump into Q&A, Elon has some opening remarks.
     Elon?
     Elon Musk

Thank you.
>>> So the Tesla team did an incredible job in 2023.
     We achieved record production and deliveries of over 1.8 million vehicles in line with our official guidance.
     And in Q4, we were producing vehicles at an annualized run rate of almost 2 million cars a year.
     This is really a phenomenal achievement.
     Looking at just the Fremont factory alone, we made 560,000 cars.
     This is a record.
     In fact, it's the highest output of automotive plants in North America.
     And people are often surprised that the highest output factory, car factory in North America is in the San Francisco Bay area.
-----
4. [Sentence #84] [UNCERTAIN]
     This was achieved despite 2023 being a challenging year in terms of higher interest rates and higher inflation.
     Big thanks to our customer for being with us through this challenging period.
     I would also like to thank the whole Tesla team for their resolve and dedication throughout.
     In terms of 2023 financials, we ended the year with over $96 billion of revenue and generated $4.4 billion of free cash flow to end the year with over $29 billion of cash and investments on hand.
     Our 2023 GAAP net income was impacted by the recognition of one-time non-cash benefit of $5.9 billion from the release of valuation allowance on certain deferred tax assets.
     This was due to our recent history of sustained profitability and is similar to several other companies who have recently gone through a similar change in their account.
     Accordingly, starting with Q1, our book tax rate will now be more in line with other companies in the S&P 500.
>>> In our vehicle business, we continue to see improvements in our per unit cost despite us being in the early phase of Cybertruck ramp.
     As a result, our auto gross margin improved sequentially.
     That said, predicting auto gross margins is extremely challenging since there are many moving parts to this equation, some of which are out of our control like the change in tariffs or local incentives to name a few.
     While the teams are focused on cost reductions, we are approaching the limits within our current platforms.
     On the demand front, as promised, we made investments in digital campaigns in 2023.
     We fully appreciate the importance of customer education as we are still in a customer acquisition phase.
     Our data suggests that around 90% of our vehicle buyers in 2023 never owned a Tesla before.
     We are being creative in figuring out ways to bring in new customers and educate them about the benefits of owning a Tesla versus gas-powered vehicles.
-----
5. [Sentence #214] [PLAN]
     Vaibhav Taneja

As we have said in our prior guidance, there will be periods where we won't be growing at the same rate as before.
     We are between two major growth waves.
     The first one began with the global expansion of Model 3 and Y, and we believe the next one will be initiated with the next generation platform.
     In 2024, our volume growth will be lower, as we have said, because we are trying to focus the team on the launch of the next generation vehicle.
     Martin Viecha

All right.
     Thank you very much.
     The next question is from Michael.
>>> When will Tesla start construction on the Giga Nevada expansion and Giga Mexico, and when can we expect each of these to produce their first products such as 4680 cell, Semi, and next-gen vehicles?
     Karn Budhiraj

We have recently broken ground for the next phase of Giga Nevada expansion to incorporate Semi and other projects.
     But as said earlier, as regarding Mexico, we want to first demonstrate success with the next-generation platform in Austin before we start construction.
     Therefore, we have started the long lead work to get the basics ready and plan to follow our recipe from the 3/Y ramp with Shanghai, where we started with learnings from Fremont and ramp really quickly.
     Elon Musk

Yeah, exactly.
     It's important to emphasize that I mean, Model 3 production was three years of hell, I've said it before, some of the really worst years of my life, frankly.
     I still have mental scar tissue from those three years, as do many.
     And then Model Y was somewhat of a variant on Model 3.
-----
6. [Sentence #113] [PLAN]
     Accordingly, we are currently expecting our capital expenditure for 2024 to be in excess of $10 billion.
     We believe this would be critical in helping us lay the foundation for the next phase of growth.
     Once again, I would like to thank everybody at Tesla, our investors, and our suppliers for being with us in this journey.
     We can open it up to questions, Martin.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     Let's go through investor questions.
     Question number one is from Michael.
>>> Given that you moved the start of the next-generation compact vehicle production to Austin, has the timeline improved so that we might see next-generation platform vehicles in 2025?
     Elon Musk

I mean, I would certainly say things with they should be taken with a grain of salt, since I am often optimistic.
     I don't want to blow your minds, but I'm often optimistic regarding time.
     But our current schedule shows that we will start production towards the end of 2025.
     So sometime in the second half.
     That's just what our current schedule says.
     But there's a lot of new technology like a tremendous amount of new revolutionary manufacturing technology here.
     The reason I wanted to put this new revolutionary manufacturing line at Giga Texas was because we really need the engineers to be living on the line.
-----

Total context windows: 6
