[TSLA_Q1_2020] Tell me about Tesla cybertruck production from 2019-2020

1. [Sentence #275] [PILOT]
     So taking all those things that we've replenished and applying to how HVAC would be and commercial HVAC would be is just very exciting.
     And then you've got – if you're condensing water, like why not also have a few water source, if you have water, you possibly could then heat the water and have a water heater as well.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yeah.
     And use it as a heat source, if you need it instead of the outdoors, when the outdoor is really cold or the other way around.
     So lots of options.
     Elon Musk

It could be a hell of a product.
     So we just have to – Tesla have potentially to whether we continue on the product front.
>>> So we're going to make sure, we got a lot of ice in the fire here, for new products with the Cybertruck, Semi, new Roadster and the Gigafactories in various parts of the world and Model Y, Autopilot and the Solar Roof and…

Zachary Kirkhorn

New technologies.
     Elon Musk

Yeah, exactly.
     Powerwall, Powerpack, Megapack.
     We are seeing tremendous demand for stationary storage, more than we can supply, at least for 2020.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     And the last question from the retailers, when will Tesla start acquiring utilities like Hornsdale Power Reserve and most lending instead of selling them battery storage?
     Does it make sense for Tesla to buy bigger plants and convert them?
     Elon Musk

Well, we haven't really thought about that yet.
-----
2. [Sentence #8] [PLAN]
     Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Tesla's Q1 2020 Financial Results and Q&A Webcast.
     At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
     After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.
     [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
     [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mr. Martin Viecha, Senior Director for Investor Relations.
     Please go ahead, sir.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you, Sherry, and good afternoon, everyone.
>>> Welcome to Tesla's First Quarter 2020 Q&A Webcast.
     I'm joined today by Elon Musk, Zachary Kirkhorn and a number of other executives.
     Our Q1 results were announced at about 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time in the update deck we published at the same link as this webcast.
     During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements.
     These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today.
     Actual events or results could differ materially due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those mentioned in our most recent filings with the SEC.
     During the question-and-answer portion of today's call, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
     [Operator Instructions] Before we jump into Q&A, Elon has some opening remarks.
-----
3. [Sentence #203] [PILOT]
     There's also a tremendous amount of untapped potential in the beat out there that could upgrade to turn on Autopilot -- basic Autopilot or Full Self-Driving.
     And that's something we will enable just as simple in our purchase or as we talked about earlier, just towards the end of the year, as a subscription.
     So that's just a lot of untapped potential there.
     That's not in the deferred revenue line, obviously, but it's certainly a great deal deferred potential that we think is a large portion, which is likely to reach fruition.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     And now let's go through the questions from retail investors.
     Question number one, Elon has mentioned a 50% compound annual growth target for Tesla in the past.
>>> Is this still in line with Tesla's ambitions for the next five to 10 years?
     This would be 4 million vehicles in 2025 and more than 20 million vehicles in 2030.
     Is 40% or more realistic target?
     Elon Musk

Well, it's always difficult to predict what the macro situation is going to be.
     I think people – actually people would have predicted the unexpected roundhouse that COVID came up with it sort of came out of nowhere.
     So I think in the absence of something, some massive force majeure events, but quite massive, I think, 40% is the likely number.
     It's possible that is 40%.
     I would be very shocked, if it's less than 40%, even with force majeure Model 3.
-----

Total context windows: 3
