[TSLA_Q4_2020] model-y cost tesla 2020-2024

1. [Sentence #27] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     I'd just like to, once again, thank the people at Tesla for an incredible effort.
     We delivered almost as many cars last year as we produced in our entire history.
     So, really an incredible growth rate and despite a very challenging 2020.
     So, my hat is off to such a hard work with such great people at Tesla.
     So -- and full year, we achieved free cash flow of nearly $2.8 billion after spending more than $3 billion on building new factories and other expenditures.
     We reached industry-leading GAAP operating margins in addition to positive net income and record cash flow.
     Regarding capacity expansion, while we focus on execution, we continue to build a lot of new capacity.
>>> We started producing the Model Y out of Fremont and have almost reached full production speed.
     We ramped the Model 3 in Shanghai to more than 5,000 cars a week sustainably, and Shanghai continues to grow rapidly.
     We introduced the heat pump to all of our vehicles.
     We ramped the single piece -- we started and we're able to ramp to volume production at the single-piece castings for Model Y.
     This is where -- for the first time in history, the entire rear third skeleton of the car is being cast as a single piece in the largest and most advanced casting machine ever made.
     We built a Model Y factory in China from start to finish in one year.
     We're also building Giga Berlin and Giga Texas, which we expect to start production later this year.
     And lastly, we built a cell -- a battery cell factory in the Bay Area.
-----
2. [Sentence #32] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     We reached industry-leading GAAP operating margins in addition to positive net income and record cash flow.
     Regarding capacity expansion, while we focus on execution, we continue to build a lot of new capacity.
     We started producing the Model Y out of Fremont and have almost reached full production speed.
     We ramped the Model 3 in Shanghai to more than 5,000 cars a week sustainably, and Shanghai continues to grow rapidly.
     We introduced the heat pump to all of our vehicles.
     We ramped the single piece -- we started and we're able to ramp to volume production at the single-piece castings for Model Y.
     This is where -- for the first time in history, the entire rear third skeleton of the car is being cast as a single piece in the largest and most advanced casting machine ever made.
>>> We built a Model Y factory in China from start to finish in one year.
     We're also building Giga Berlin and Giga Texas, which we expect to start production later this year.
     And lastly, we built a cell -- a battery cell factory in the Bay Area.
     And this -- even though it is a pilot plant, it is -- its capacity is large enough that it would be in the -- probably the top 10 battery cell factories on earth despite being a pilot plant.
     Regarding the new Model S and X, we are launching the -- we're super excited to announce the new Model S and Model X are in production now and will be delivered in February.
     So we've been able to bring forward the Plaid, Model S and X.
     And Model S will be delivered in February and X a little later.
     The Model S Plaid, and we're actually in production now, and we'll be delivering next month.
-----
3. [Sentence #116] [PLAN]
     Finally, the early settlement of our convertible notes resulted in an additional $100 million of interest expense for the quarter.
     All that being said, nothing has changed about our view that operating margin will continue to grow and remain industry leading.
     As we look forward, 2021 may be our most meaningful step forward yet, as we see the benefits of long-standing investments in capacity and technology.
     The range of possible outcomes this year is wide, given the magnitude of launches.
     That's a few things we should keep in mind.
     We continue to expect a long-term volume CAGR of 50%, of which we may materially exceed this in 2021.
     As we increase production rates, volumes will skew towards the second half of the year, and ramp inefficiencies will be a part of this year's story and are necessary to achieve our long-term goals.
>>> Specifically for Q1, our volumes will have the benefit of early Model Y ramp in Shanghai, However, S and X production will be low due to the transition to the newly architected products.
     Additionally, we're working extremely hard to manage through the global semiconductor shortage, as well as port capacity, which may have a temporary impact.
     We will continue to invest heavily in supercharging and service capacity while driving reductions on cost, including OpEx as a percentage of revenue.
     Global demand continues to outpace production, and we're moving as quickly as we can with a focus on the long-term.
     I look forward to providing updates on progress throughout the year.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     And now we can jump straight into questions from [Safe] [ph] Technologies.
     The first question from institutional investors is, what is currently holding Tesla back from being the market share leader in solar?
-----

Total context windows: 3
