[Multi-Year Analysis] frotell me about production plans for tsla from 2019-2020

1. [Sentence #1333, TSLA_Q2_2020] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     That's the real limit.
     So that's why we're going to talk about a lot more about this on Battery Day because this is a fundamental scaling constraint.
     And any part of that supply chain or pricing at the cell level will be the limiting factor.
     So whatever maybe an error from mining to refining, those many steps that are refining to cathode and analog formation, cell formation, whatever the truck point is, that will set the growth rate.
     And so we expect to expand our business with Panasonic, with CATL, with LG, possibly with others.
     And there's a lot more to say on that front on Battery Day.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
>>> And the second question is, now that it's time to bring the Tesla Semi to volume production, can you share more detail on production plans?
     What weekly production rate is considered volume production?
     And when does Tesla expect to reach that rate?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes.
     So we'll start production next year, as we announced it before.
     I'm personally very excited about the project.
     I can't wait.
     We do have a few trucks that keep driving around and like keep delivering cars.
-----
2. [Sentence #3567, TSLA_Q4_2020] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     We've got the designs fixed.
     We're getting to – we'll soon order the equipment necessary to make the Cybertruck work.
     We're actually going to be using even bigger Tesla machines for the rear body of Cybertruck because you've got – obviously, it's a bigger vehicle and you've got a long truck bed that's going to a lot of load.
     So we'll be using an 8,000 ton casting press for the rear body casting, as opposed to 6,000 tons for Model Y.
     So 6,000 tons was the biggest cast in the world.
     8,000 tons, quite a bit bigger than that.
     And I think it's going to be incredible vehicle.
>>> If we get lucky, we'll be able to do a few deliveries towards the end of this year, but I expect volume production to be in 2022.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     And now we can start with questions in the queue.
     Operator

Thank you.
     Our first question will come from Colin Rusch with Oppenheimer.
     Please go ahead.
     Colin Rusch

Thanks so much, guys.
     Can you talk a little bit about the regulatory environment for FSD and how you're seeing that play out?
-----

Total context windows: 2
