[TSLA_Q4_2024] Did Tesla achieve its multi-year goal of ramping global Model 3 deliveries from 2019 to 2020 across North America, Europe, and China?

1. [Sentence #426] [UNCERTAIN]
     Or other way around, where would it be off most likely in your mind that you say, "Hey, I need to go back there and I need to change something to enable the team better?"
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

SP1 Well, I mean, I think the predictions that I'm making here are going to be pretty accurate.
     And it's worth nothing that sometimes people say, Elon's always late.
     Well, actually, no, the problems of the media reports on when I'm late but never reports when I'm early.
     So, sure, I'm optimistic but I'm not that optimistic.
     There are many cases in past where actually we've been early such as completion of the Shanghai factory or the factory completion has generally been ahead of schedule, not behind.
     So, yes.
>>> But I'm very confident we'll have released unsupervised full self-driving, fully autonomous Teslas in Austin and several other cities in America by the end of this year, as probably everywhere in America next year, at everywhere in North America, at least.
     I think in terms of next year, our constraints, I think it's likely to be just regulatory.
     Like Europe really has, for example, Europe is a layer cake of regulations of bureaucracy, which that really needs to be addressed.
     This is a like America innovates, Europe regulates.
     So, guys, there's too many reps in the field.
     For example, for us, just to release unsupervised full self-driving in Europe, even though it works really well, we have to go through a mountain of paperwork with the Netherlands, which is our primary regulatory authority.
     Then the Netherlands presents us to the EU in, I think, May.
     And there's like this EU country committee.
-----
2. [Sentence #155] [UNCERTAIN]
     This will drive the demand of stationary battery packs and especially the grid-scale ones to and saying basically as much demand as we can possibly make.
     So, we have our second factory, which is in Shanghai, that's starting operation, and we're building a third factory.
     So, we're trying to ramp output of the stationary battery storage as quickly as possible.
     Now there is a challenge here where we have to be careful to -- that were not robbing from 1 pocket to take to another pocket because for a given gigawatt hours per year of the cell output, does it go into stationary applications or mobile applications?
     It can't go both into both so we have to make that trade-off, yes.
     But overall, the demand for total gigawatt hours of batteries, whether mobile or stationary, that will grow in a very, very big way over time.
     So, in conclusion, 2025 really is a pivotal year for Tesla.
>>> And when we look back on 2025 and the launch of unsupervised full self-driving, true real-world AI that actually works, I think we may regard it as the biggest year in Tesla history, maybe even bigger than Atlas car, or the Model S or the Model 3 or Model Y.
     In fact, I think it probably will be viewed '25 as maybe the most important year in Tesla's history.
     There is no company in the world that is as good in real-world AI as Tesla.
     I don't even know who's in second place.
     Like you say, like, who's in the second place for real-world AI?
     I would need a very big telescope to see them.
     That's how far behind they are.
     All right.
-----
3. [Sentence #13] [PLAN]
     These comments are based on predictions and expectations as of today.
     Actual events or results could differ materially due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those mentioned in our most recent filings with the SEC.
     During the question-and-answer portion of today's call, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
     [Operator instructions] Before we jump into Q&A, Elon has some opening remarks.
     Elon?
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

Thank you.
     So, in summary, in Q4, we set record and delivered vehicles at an annualized rate of nearly 2 million a year.
>>> So, congratulations to the Tesla team on excellent work, achieving record production and deliveries.
     Model Y was the best-selling vehicle of any kind for 2024.
     Where to invest $1,000 right now
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen.
     After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,040% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 182% for the S&P 500.
     They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…

Learn more ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of July 21, 2025

That's worth noting.
     Not just the best electric vehicle, the best vehicle of any kind on Earth, No.
     1 was Model Y.
     We are staying focused on maximizing volumes and obviously doubling down -- I don't know what -- really, I was going to say doubling down in autonomy, but really, it's like autonomy is like 10x-ing frankly.
-----
4. [Sentence #172] [PLAN]
     And Vaibhav has some opening remarks as well.
     Vaibhav Taneja -- Chief Financial Officer

Yeah, I'll talk about things on Earth.
     As Elon mentioned, in Q4, we set records of vehicle deliveries and energy storage deployments in an uncertain macro environment.
     We were able to grow auto and energy storage volumes, both sequentially and on a year-on-year basis.
     For this, I would like to thank the efforts of everyone at Tesla to make this a reality, and our customers who helped us achieve this.
     Coming into the fourth quarter, our focus was to reduce inventory levels in the automotive business, and we accomplished that by ending the quarter with the lowest finished good inventory in the last two years.
     This was a result of offering not only attractive financing options but also other discounts and programs, which impacted ASPs.
>>> While we saw volume growth in almost all regions that we operate in, we hit a new record for deliveries in the Greater China market.
     This is an encouraging trend since we grew volume in a highly competitive BEV market.
     On the automotive margin front, we saw a quarter-over-quarter decline primarily due to lower ASPs than due to the recognition of FSD-related revenue in Q3 from feature releases.
     Our journey on cost reduction continues, and we were able to get our overall cost per car down below $35,000, driven primarily by material costs.
     This was despite increased depreciation and other costs as we prepare for the transition to the new Model Y, for which we recently started taking orders in all markets.
     All our factories will start producing the new Model Y next month.
     While we feel confident in our team's abilities to ramp production quickly, note that it is an unprecedented change, and we are not aware of anybody else taking the best-selling car on the planet and updating all factories at the same time.
     This changeover will result in several weeks of lost production in the quarter.
-----

Total context windows: 4
