[Year Q1] Between 2023 and 2024, did Tesla meet its guidance for year-over-year revenue growth and operating leverage improvement?

1. [Sentence #634, TSLA_Q1_2024] [PLAN]
     We are making sure that we're being as efficient as possible in our training.
     It's not just about the number of H100s, but how efficiently they're used.
     So, in conclusion, we're super excited about our autonomy road map.
     I think it should be obvious to anyone who's driving Version 12 and it tells that that it is only a matter of time before we exceed the reliability of humans and not much time with that.
     And we're really headed for an electric vehicle, an autonomous future.
     And I'll go back to something I said several years ago that in the future, gasoline cars that are not autonomous will be like riding a horse and using a flip phone.
     And that will become very obvious in hindsight.
>>> We continue to make the necessary investments that will drive growth and profits for Tesla in the future, and I wanted to thank the Tesla team for incredible execution during this period and look forward to everything that we have planned ahead.
     Thanks.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much, and Vaibhav has some comments as well.
     Vaibhav Taneja

Thanks.
     It's important to acknowledge what Elon said, from our auto business perspective.
     We did see a seasonal decline in revenues quarter-over-quarter and those were primarily because of seasonality, uncertain macroeconomic environment, and the other reasons, which Elon had mentioned earlier.
     Auto margins declined from 18.9% to 18.5%.
     Excluding the impact of Cybertruck, the impact of pricing actions was largely offset by reductions in per unit costs and the recognition of revenue from Autopark feature for certain vehicles in the U.S. that previously did not have that functionality.
-----
2. [Sentence #720, TSLA_Q1_2024] [UNCERTAIN]
     And that will be how cars work.
     You just summon the car using your phone, you get in, it takes you to a destination, you get out.
     Vaibhav Taneja

You don't even think about it?
     Elon Musk

You don't even think about it.
     Just like an elevator, it takes you to your floor.
     That's it.
     Don't think about how the elevator is working or anything like that.
>>> And something I should clarify is that Tesla will be operating the fleet.
     So you can think of like how Tesla, think of it’s like some combination of Airbnb and Uber, meaning that there will be some number of cars that Tesla owns itself and operates in the fleet.
     There will be some number of cars and then there'll be a bunch of cars where they're owned by the end user.
     That end user can add or subtract their car to the fleet whenever they want, and they can decide if they want to only let the car be used by friends and family or only by 5-star users or by anyone at any time they could have the car come back to them and be exclusively theirs, like an Airbnb.
     You could rent out your guest room or not, any time you want.
     So as our fleet grows, we have 7 million cars going to – 9 million cars going to, eventually tens of millions of cars worldwide.
     With a constant feedback loop, every time something goes wrong, that gets added to the training data and you get this training flywheel happening in the same way that Google Search has the sort of flywheel, it's very difficult to compete with Google because people are constantly doing searches and clicking and Google is getting that feedback loop.
     It’s the same with Tesla.
-----
3. [Sentence #91, TSLA_Q1_2023] [PLAN]
     It's just -- we do our best to evaluate the production output, macroeconomic conditions, and we make a decision.
     But it's -- and unless there's something you'd like to add, Zach.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

I think that's right.
     I mean, as a team, we review where we stand globally on a weekly basis and certainly, I can't get into the details of the reasons why certain decisions are made.
     But it is something that's very actively managed by a subset of the leadership team.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The second question is, do you still believe Tesla Energy will be bigger than auto?
>>> And when will you provide more formal guidance on Megapack and overall Tesla Energy?
     Elon Musk

Yes, I should just clarify like bigger than auto from the standpoint of like total gigawatt hours deployed.
     So its possible automotive revenue may be higher, but gigawatt hours I think will be probably higher with stationary storage.
     If you just look at the -- what's needed to transition the world to a sustainable energy economy, there is more stationary energy storage needed than there is mobile energy storage.
     So -- and we are seeing growth of our stationary storage well in excess of automotive.
     So that is in line with expectations.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yeah.
     And on the guidance part of the question, and maybe, Martin, we can combine this with the next question, which is on guidance for margins, just have a single comment there.
-----
4. [Sentence #1000, TSLA_Q1_2024] [UNCERTAIN]
     And again, just to clarify, it's not the work which we have to do.
     It's the work which they have to do, which will take the time.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     Vaibhav Taneja

Mark, is it helpful?
     Mark Delaney

Yes, very helpful.
     Thank you.
     My follow-up was to better understand Tesla's approach to pricing going forward.
>>> Previously, the company had said that the price reductions were driving incremental demand with how affordable the cars have become, especially for vehicles that have access to IRA credits and some of the leasing offers that Tesla has in place.
     Do you still see meaningful incremental price reductions as making sense from here for the existing products?
     And can the company meaningfully lower prices from here and also stay free cash flow positive on an annual basis with the current product set?
     Thanks.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     I think we can be free cash flow positive meaningfully.
     Lars Moravy

I think Vaibhav said it in his opening remarks, like our cost down efforts, we basically were offsetting the price cut like we’re trying to give it back to the customers.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
-----

Total context windows: 4
