[TSLA_Q1_2023] tell me about tesla cybertruck production from 2022-2023

1. [Sentence #175] [UNCERTAIN]
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

So this is our approach.
     How that nets out, I mean, just a lot of risk, and we'll have to see how the year progresses.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question is, how has global order intake tracked since the most recent round of price cuts?
     Elon Musk

I think the overall thing we can say is that orders are in excess of production.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
>>> And maybe the last question from investors, can you give updated specs and pricing for Cybertruck and any new features that will make it to production?
     Elon Musk

Well, I think we'll save that for the Cybertruck handover, which will hopefully be around the end of Q3 this year.
     And one thing I am confident of saying is that, it's an incredible product, it's a hall of famer, I think.
     And a product like this only comes once in a long while.
     So it will not be disappointed at all.
     It's amazing.
     Martin Viecha

Great.
     Thank you very much.
-----
2. [Sentence #71] [PLAN]
     As I've mentioned previously, this results in lower deliveries and production within a quarter due to a higher volume of cars in transit at the end of the quarter and has an associated impact on quarter-ending free cash flows.
     This was particularly prevalent in Q1 for S and X as we begin exporting cars for international deliveries.
     Second, our storage business is starting to take shape, and this is exciting to see after many years of investment and focus.
     This business is growing as a percentage of the businesses of the company's revenue and reached its highest level yet in Q1, driven by an increasing rate of deliveries for our Megapack products.
     We are also making progress on storage profitability, generating our highest gross profit yet in the quarter.
     Third, I want to reiterate the philosophy by which we're operating the business this year.
     Our approach is to grow volumes as quickly as possible in both our vehicle and energy businesses.
>>> We plan to continue to invest heavily into our future plans, which include the Cybertruck next-generation platform, in-house cell production, energy storage business and our autonomy and AI-enabled products.
     And we plan to do this while keeping the business financially healthy and industry leading.
     To accomplish this, we need to remain focused on cost efficiency and working capital and in particular, unwinding the strategic inventory buildup left over from the pandemic.
     I want to conclude by thanking the Tesla team again, as well as thanking our suppliers and our customers.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     And let's go to investor questions on say.com.
     The first one is what is the process to make auto pricing adjustments?
     What variables do you consider?
-----

Total context windows: 2
