[TSLA_Q2_2020] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #32] [PLAN]
     They've done an incredible job, and it's an honor to work with such a great team.
     I mean, there were so many challenges, too numerous to name, but they got it done, and just what a great group to work with, like I said, it's just an honor to work with such a great team.
     And as a result, we were able to achieve our fourth consecutive profitable quarter, and although the automotive industry was down about 30% year-over-year in the first half of the year, we managed to grow deliveries in the first half of the year.
     So despite that massive industry decline, we actually went up.
     We're also very excited to announce that we're going to be building our next Gigafactory in Texas.
     It's going to be right near Austin.
     It will be about -- I'll just go into a bit of detail on this, and then I'm sure there'll be a lot of questions.
     But the location is five minutes from Austin International Airport and 15 minutes from Downtown Austin, and it's about 2,000 acres, and we're going to make it a factory that is going to be stunning.
     It's right on the Colorado River.
     So we're actually going to have a boardwalk where there'll a hiking and biking trail.
     It's going to basically be an ecological paradise.
     Birds in the trees, butterfly, fish in the stream, and they will be open to the public as well.
     So not closed and only Tesla.
     So if anyone is interested in looking at Giga Texas, with engineering, production, whatever the case may be, please let us know.
     This is -- we're going to be doing a major factory there.
>>> And it's also where we'll be doing Cybertruck there, the Tesla Semi.
     And we'll be doing Model 3 and Y for the eastern half of North America.
     Now at the same time, I want to say, we will continue to grow in California.
     But we expect California to do Model S and X for worldwide consumption and 3 and Y for the western half of North America.
     And then we think probably also the Tesla Roadster, a future program, would also make sense in California.
     So I think this is a nice split between Texas and California.
     And just to emphasize, we'll continue to grow in California, but we'll be creating a massive factory and Cybertruck and Semi programs in Texas.
     And I also want to just do a shout out to Tulsa, and just say thank you very much to the Tulsa team, the economic development team and the governor, really, I was super impressed.
     The whole Tesla team is super impressed, and we will, for sure, strongly consider Tulsa for future expansion of Tesla down the road.
     Let's see, is there anything more I want to say about?
     There's a lot of information.
     So anything, guys?
     All right.
     Well, I'm sure they have lots of questions.
     We've already started work on the facility, so some initial construction work.
     So it's already underway, started this weekend.
-----
2. [Sentence #127] [PLAN]
     This is driven almost entirely by an expense related to the next tranche of the CEO grant, as well as early vesting of the first tranche, which is reflected in SG&A within operating expenses.
     On cash flows, our cash balance increased to our highest level yet of $8.6 billion, which included free cash flows of over $400 million.
     This is a strong result on its own, despite an increase in capital expenses associated with Shanghai and Berlin, as well as movements in working capital.
     A few things to note on working capital, particularly accounts receivables.
     While our AR balance is usually about 20% of revenue, it can fluctuate depending upon a number of factors.
     First, overall, less than 30% of our receivables is associated with new car sales.
     Second, due to payment terms associated with financing and enterprise customers, settlement time lines for certain methods of cash payments and geographic mix of our deliveries, our cash balance and associated receivables are impacted significantly by how many cars are delivered in the final weeks and days of the quarter.
     Third, roughly 40% of the balance is attributed to payment terms on regulatory credit sales and statutory EV incentive programs, both of which have been increasing.
     Customer deposits reduced slightly as well.
     Note that as we transition to lower order fees across the world, the average deposit per order will continue to reduce driving down this balance.
     As we look forward, Tesla was able to navigate through Q2 due to our agile and dynamic culture.
     We will continue to appropriately manage our cash flows through cost optimization and close working capital management.
     This is key as we remain focused on expanding production, scaling our operations and preparing for the launch of three new factories over the next 1.5 years.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     Let's go to questions from institutional investors first.
>>> The question number one is, as Tesla continues its journey towards the long-term goal of selling 20 million units per year, what are the most important vehicle programs that will drive volume growth over the next three to five years beyond Model 3, Y and the Cybertruck?
     Cheaper, smaller versions of 3 and Y?
     Or region-specific vehicles?
     Or anything else?
     Elon Musk

I don't think we can comment on our detailed product roadmap beyond what's announced because I think we want to reserve that for product launches.
     But it would be reasonable to assume that we would make a compact vehicle of some kind and probably a higher capacity [indiscernible] vehicle of some kind.
     These are likely things at some point.
     But I do think there's a long way to go with 3 and Y and with Cybertruck and Semi.
     So it's a long way to go with those.
     I think we'll do the obvious things.
     Martin Viecha

Okay.
     The second question from institutional is, what is your vision for software at Tesla?
     What opportunities do you see from monetizing the installed base other than by FSD?
     Elon Musk

Right now, by far, FSD is just overwhelmingly the most important thing.
     I think the upgrading of the fleet to full-self driving, especially with an over-the-air software update.
     I mean, we go down as the biggest asset value increase in history as a step change.
-----

Total context windows: 2
