[TSLA_Q2_2022] From 2022 to 2024, how did Tesla’s gross margin evolve across vehicle and energy segments, and did it match their stated margin targets?

1. [Sentence #77] [UNCERTAIN]
     Although our production volume reduced sequentially due to COVID-related shutdowns in Shanghai, we made substantial progress in nearly every area of the business, and in particular, our global vehicle production rate as we exited the quarter.
     Our Fremont factory, supported by our Reno team, reached new production records.
     The Shanghai factory resumed full production and our new factories in Austin and Berlin are progressing well through their initial ramps.
     Additionally, our energy business achieved record gross profit with the highest solar volumes in many years.
     I want to personally thank the entire Tesla team, as I know many of you are listening.
     You have embodied a remarkable and relentless pursuit of excellence in support of our mission.
     I also want to thank our suppliers for their support during another complicated quarter.
>>> On GAAP automotive gross margin, it declined sequentially to 27.9%.
     The temporary decline in Shanghai production volume meaningfully impacted margin, including idle capacity and factory restart costs and also had implications on the mix of regional deliveries.
     Additionally, as discussed on previous calls, we are working through the ramp inefficiencies of our new factories, which are progressing well, but have had an impact on margin as those factories come online.
     While we continue to see a benefit from higher pricing flowing through, which experienced some foreign exchange-related headwinds, our cost structure continues to experience cost increases from inflation, commodities and logistics.
     The energy business progressed well in Q2, aided by alternate solar supply coming online and progress on unit economics.
     Our storage business remains component-constrained on both Powerwall and Megapack, which we hope will alleviate to some extent in the second half of the year.
     We are greatly appreciative of the patience and flexibility shown by our customers while we work through these challenges.
     Within operating expenses, Boston and Berlin-related startup costs have wound down as these factories have moved into production and their costs are now reflected in automotive COGS.
-----
2. [Sentence #505] [NO EVIDENCE]
     So, it’s – manage price, frankly.
     But we have so much excess demand.
     That is really just not an issue for us.
     It might be an issue for some other companies but it is not an issue for us.
     Toni Sacconaghi

Okay.
     Thank you.
     Elon, I am just wondering, a question for you.
>>> Tesla has obviously changed dramatically in the last 3 years from near life or death to a company with consistent cash flow and industry-leading margins.
     I am wondering if you can comment on your personal role in the company and whether you see that changing in terms of your role, your commitment and time spent at the company over the next 3 years or 4 years.
     I think you said a few calls ago, you wouldn’t be on calls unless there is something unusual and you have been on every call since then.
     I am wondering how...

Elon Musk

I do a lot of unusual things, let’s face it.
     Basically, if there is only good news, I won’t be on the call.
     But if you have like a tough situation like COVID shutdowns in China, then I think I will be on the call – relatively speaking, if there is bad news.
     And we have this good news, then I won’t be on the call.
     But I am committed to the long – I mean I will work at Tesla as long as I can usefully advance the cause of sustainability and autonomy.
-----
3. [Sentence #176] [UNCERTAIN]
     So, I would really like to encourage, once again, entrepreneurs to enter the lithium refining business.
     You can’t lose.
     It’s licensed to print money.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question is you made the right economic call before most on inflation when you diversified into Bitcoin.
     It has since shown it’s not much of a hedge in the real world test in the last few months.
     How do you think about it as an asset over long-term and what do you need to see to change your view?
>>> Elon Musk

Well, Tesla is – Tesla’s goal is to accelerate the advent of sustainable energy.
     We are not really – cryptocurrency is a sideshow to the sideshow.
     So, it’s – we are not a – cryptocurrency is not something we think about a lot.
     We think a lot about scaling production and accelerating the advent of sustainable energy, which the record heat waves around earth, so to emphasize the urgency of that transition.
     So that is what we are trying to do is make electric vehicles and solar and stationary storage battery packs.
     But the three pillars of a sustainable energy future, which is like solar and wind for energy generation, stationary battery packs for storage of the solar energy because of its intermittency and then electric vehicles, the third pillar.
     And if those three things are solved, we have a sustainable future for civilization.
     And the fundamental good of Tesla and the reason we’re doing this, so certainly, my primary motivation here is to have the day of sustainable energy comes sooner.
-----

Total context windows: 3
