[TSLA_Q4_2022] From 2022 to 2024, did Tesla hit its milestones for FSD (Full Self-Driving) functionality rollouts as described in quarterly updates?

1. [Sentence #219] [UNCERTAIN]
     And so there are two really important side benefit to our Tesla Insurance that are worth mentioning, one of which Zach alluded to, which is that, just by Tesla operating insurance for our cars at a competitive rate, that makes the other car insurance companies offer better rates for Teslas.
     So it has a bigger effect than you think because it improves total cost of insurance costs even when they don't use Tesla Insurance, because now the guy [ph] goes up to the world have to compete with Tesla and cannot charge outrageous insurance for Teslas.
     So it's great.
     So it has an amplified effect, very important.
     Then, it is also giving us a good feedback loop into minimizing the cost of repair of Teslas, for all Teslas worldwide, because we obviously want to minimize the cost of repairing at Tesla if it's in a collision and for Tesla Insurance.
     And previously, we didn't actually have good insight into that, because the other insurance companies would cover the cost.
     And actually, the cost in some cases, were unreasonably high.
>>> So we've actually adjusted the design of the car and made changes in the software of the car to minimize the cost of repair, obviously minimize -- first, the best repair is no repair, avoid the accident entirely, which since every Tesla comes with the most advanced active safety in the world, whether or not you buy full self-driving, you still get the intelligence of full self-driving or active safety, active collision prevention.
     So it's giving us this really good feedback before, again, reducing cost -- total cost of ownership and also just figuring out how to get -- if somebody's cars in an accident, most accidents are actually small.
     They're like a broken fender or scratched side of the car or something like, the vast majority of accidents.
     But we're actually solving how to get somebody's car repaired very quickly and efficiently and back in their hands.
     And like I said, those improvements actually apply then to old cars.
     And we're making just to emphasize another key point, because some of these points might be like, so I apologize for being repetitive.
     But it's remarkable how small changes in design of the bumper and improving -- obviously improving the logistics of spare part or providing spare parts needed for collision repair, have an enormous effect on the repair cost.
     So, if you're waiting for a part to get repaired and that part takes a month, now you've got a month of having to rent another car.
-----

Total context windows: 1
