[Year 2025] Nicotine pouch; Nicotine lozenge; Nicotine gum; Moist snuff; Dry snuff; Chewing tobacco; Snus; Heated tobacco; Dissolvable tobacco; Oral nicotine; Tobacco-free pouch; Herbal chew; Tobacco pellet; Nicotine stick; Nicotine disc; Compressed tablet; Oral dissolvable; Nicotine sachet; Tobacco plug; Plug chew; Twist chew; Loose leaf; smokeless

1. [Sentence #57, PM_Q1_2025_transcript] [PLAN]
     Very strong IQOS gross margin expansion reflects the powerful growth and scale effect of this large and growing business, manufacturing productivity, and a comparison benefit from higher device shipment in the prior year when ILUMA i was launched in Japan.
     On an organic basis, combustible net revenues and gross profit grew by plus 3.8% and plus 5.3% respectively.
     While pricing was strong and volume were positive, there was a notably negative geographic mix this quarter due to growth in markets such as Turkey and Egypt, in addition to the technical impact from Indonesia.
     We expect gross pricing and negative geographic mix to moderate over the rest of the year and target combustible gross margin expansion organically and in dollar terms.
     As expected, input cost headwinds eased compared to recent years and based on current assumption, we expect this to further improve in 2026.
     Taking a closer look at our volumes, shipment growth of plus 3.9% was primarily driven by our smoke-free business with all categories contributing positively and placing us on track for a fifth consecutive year of total volume growth.
     Smoke-free volumes grew by plus 14.4%, above our full year target range of plus 12% to plus 14%, reflecting very positive contribution from IQOS, ZYN, and VEEV.
>>> In addition to the growth of these three brands, which I covered earlier, I would also note that our oral smoke-free business includes US Moist Snuff and Scandinavian Snus, which declined modestly in the quarter.
     Despite this, oral smoke-free product shipment growth accelerated versus the prior quarter to plus 27%.
     Cigarette volumes were positive for the fourth consecutive quarter as we grew share in a modestly declining industry with continuous growth in markets where smoke-free products are not permitted, such as Turkey and India.
     You have heard us talk recently about our multi-category strategy for smoke-free products as we leverage on the strengths of the IQOS brand and commercial infrastructure in international markets to accelerate incremental growth from ZYN and VEEV.
     This is evidenced by our strong smoke-free portfolio results in Q1, with visible accretion across regions and markets.
     We have 46 markets with multiple smoke-free offerings, including 16 with all three PMI categories on offer.
     The execution of this three-pronged strategy is generating positive results in markets such as the Czech Republic, Romania, Switzerland and our global travel retail business, in addition to promising starts in the UK and Italy.
     It is also helping to bolster our position as a global smoke-free champion.
-----
2. [Sentence #556, PM_Q2_2025_transcript] [PILOT]
     This factors in the good news that retail availability is now approaching normalized level with the lower scarcity premium in retail prices narrowing the price gap to competition.
     Importantly, sales velocity are accelerating and with 36% of the growth in June.
     This bodes well for the second half of the year.
     With shipments now primarily driven by consumer offtake, we expect a broadly similar level of shipment in Q3 as in Q2, factoring in the possibility of a few days adjustment to wholesaler and distributor inventory as the situation fully normalize.
     We continue to target full year U.S. shipment of 800 million to 840 million cans, including a sequential step-up in Q4.
     With our U.S. production capacity increase ahead of plan and now well-set for this year and beyond, we are incredibly excited to drive in and the overall nicotine pouch category to its full potential over the coming years.
     Having covered Europe, Japan and the U.S. in some detail, let's look at the rest of the world.
>>> In most markets, both the nicotine pouch category and our multi-category presence are nascent.
     Both ZYN and VEEV will leverage on the strength of IQOS where Q2 adjusted in-market sales accelerated to plus 19.3% growth with broad-based progress, including Egypt, the Philippines and Indonesia.
     While pouch and e-vapor volumes are naturally very small across this market at this stage, we can measure their Q2 growth in multiple rather than percentages.
     This impressive IQOS growth is exemplified by offtake share gains in global key cities.
     Strong presence in South Korea and Malaysia, is more than matched by key city in Mexico, Serbia, the Middle East and North Africa.
     Global Travel Retail, where multicategory is increasingly prominent also continues to grow strongly.
     The world's largest cigarette market by volume outside China is Indonesia, where Jakarta offtake share grew by plus 2.5 points year-on-year to 7.5%.
     Following promising results from the pilot launch of our full flavor heat-not-burn technology BONDS, which is tailored to local kretek taste preferences, we have recently commenced a broader rollout.
-----
3. [Sentence #422, PM_Q2_2025_transcript] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     Emmanuel Babeau

Thank you, James, and welcome, everyone.
     We delivered an excellent set of H1 results following another very strong performance in the second quarter of 2025.
     Top line dynamism from our smoke-free portfolio, which a record $4 billion in net revenues, coupled with margin improvements across our business, drove strong double-digit adjusted diluted earnings per share growth in both constant currency and dollar terms.
     The multi-category momentum of our smoke-free business accelerated with the Q2 step-up in offtake growth for IQOS, ZYN and VEEV.
     As expected, IQOS delivered another strong performance with heated tobacco unit adjusted in-market sales growth accelerating to plus 11.4% in Q2.
     This reflects broad-based growth both globally and in Europe, as markets such as Italy past the transitory disruption of the characterizing flavor ban.
     ZYN confirm its upward trajectory with a significant acceleration in U.S. consumer offtake growth to plus 26% for Q2 and plus 36% in June as in-store availability improved.
>>> Internationally, Q2 nicotine pouch volumes increased plus 65% and almost tripled outside the Nordics.
     In e-vapor, VEEV continued its remarkable trajectory with shipments more than doubling year-on-year, driving further gross margin expansion.
     For combustibles, despite an expected return to modest volume declines, our business delivered robust top and bottom line performance, reflecting its resilient model, led by strong pricing.
     We continue to generate best-in-class growth across the P&L with high single-digit organic H1 top line growth and mid-teens adjusted OI growth to reach a margin of over 41%.
     This high-quality performance reflects the increasing profitability of our three smoke- free categories at scale, operating leverage and efficiencies combined.
     These results provide an excellent platform for another year of superior growth.
     We expect strong smoke-free momentum to continue in H2, while we factor in the exceptional H2 prior year comparison, notably on growing combustible volumes and certain timing factors.
     With strong business fundamentals and a slightly more favorable expected tax rate, we are raising our adjusted diluted EPS full year forecast to plus 13% to plus 15% growth or plus 11.5% to plus 13.5%, excluding currency.
-----
4. [Sentence #27, PM_Q1_2025_transcript] [PLAN]
     In Q1, we delivered a very strong start to the year with all key elements of the business contributing strongly to deliver double-digit increases in organic net revenue, operating income, and adjusted diluted EPS in both constant currency and dollar terms.
     Our smoke-free business performed exceptionally well across all areas, with shipment volumes up plus 14.4% year-on-year, organic net revenue growth of plus 20%, and outstanding organic gross profit of plus 33%, as all three smoke-free categories extended gross margins.
     This was especially fueled by the rapid growth of ZYN and the continued volume momentum, operating leverage, and scale benefit of IQOS.
     Our smoke-free business now accounts for 44% of total gross profit as we continue to deploy our multi-category strategy across markets and broaden our growth opportunities.
     IQOS delivered close to plus 10% HTU-adjusted IMS growth, with continued strong performance both in Japan and Europe, despite the annualization impact of the EU characterizing flavor ban.
     We expect double-digit growth for the rest of the year.
     ZYN, once again, delivered strong growth in the US, with shipments increasing by an impressive plus 53% to reach 202 million cans, exceeding our initial expectations as demand remained strong and production capacity increased ahead of schedule in the latter part of March, enabling some initial replenishment of trade inventories.
>>> International nicotine pouch can volumes also grew by plus 53% or by plus 182%, excluding the Nordics, demonstrating the global dynamism of this emerging category.
     In e-vapor, VEEV Q1 performance was impressive, demonstrating its increasing contribution within our multi-category offering.
     Shipments more than doubled year-on-year and gross margin further expanded, driven by strong pod growth in Europe as we increase our distribution and commercial activity.
     Within combustible, overall volume growth, coupled with strong pricing and ongoing cost initiatives, drove a robust performance, despite notably negative geographic mix from increased volumes in lower margin markets.
     Overall, the very strong and increasingly profitable underlying growth of our smoke-free business was coupled with very solid combustible results and the added benefit of favorable shipment timing.
     This allowed us to deliver plus 16% organic operating income growth and plus 250 basis points of expansion in adjusted OI margin to reach 40.7% and resulted in strong double-digit adjusted diluted EPS growth in both currency neutral and dollar terms, despite currency headwinds.
     While it is early in the year and there are a number of uncertainties in the global economic outlook, we remain confident that we will achieve another year of super growth.
     As such, we now forecast double-digit adjusted diluted EPS growth at prevailing exchange rates.
-----

Total context windows: 4
