[TSLA_Q4_2022] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #90] [PLAN]
     These improvements include our continued work to gradually move towards a regionally balanced build of vehicles.
     The Energy business had its strongest year yet across all metrics, led by steady improvement in both retail and commercial storage.
     While much work remains to grow this business and improve costs, we believe we are on a good trajectory.
     As we look towards 2023, we are moving forward aggressively leveraging our strength and cost.
     There are three key points I wanted to make here.
     First, on demand, as Elon mentioned, customer interest in our products remains high.
     Second, on cost reduction, we're holding steady on our plans to rapidly increase volume, while improving overhead efficiency, which is the most effective method to retain strength in our operating margins.
     In particular, we're accelerating improvements in our new factories in Austin, Berlin and in-house cells, where efficiencies are the highest.
     But we are attacking every other area of cost and unwinding cost increases created for multiple years of COVID-related instability.
     This includes logistics, expedites, accumulation of material buffers, part premiums, productivity and overheads as an example.
     As the world transitions from an inflationary to deflationary environment, we expect a strong partnership with our suppliers on this journey as well.
     In that, we've priced our products with a view towards a longer-term cost structure.
     Thus, there will be an impact on operating margin in the near term.
     However, we believe our margins will remain healthy and industry-leading over the course of the year.
     Third, we are continuing to ensure funding is prioritized for our long-term road map.
>>> This includes expanding in-house cell production, bringing Cybertruck to market, development of our next-generation vehicle platform, expansion of our manufacturing footprint and growth of the energy business.
     We're looking forward to discussing these plans in more detail on our Investor Day in a month.
     Thank you.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much, Zach.
     Let's now go to investor questions.
     The first question is, some analysts are claiming that Tesla orders, net of cancellations, came in at a rate less than half of production in the fourth quarter.
     This has raised demand concerns.
     Can you elaborate on order trends so far this year and how they compare to current production rates?
     I think…

Elon Musk

We already answered that question.
     Martin Viecha

Yes, exactly.
     Elon Musk

Demand far exceeds production, and we actually are making some small price increases as a result.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The second question is in a similar vein.
     What has the initial reaction been to global price reductions in early 1Q 2023, specifically in terms of order intake levels?
     We've answered that one as well.
     So let's go to the next one.
-----
2. [Sentence #231] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     Then, it is also giving us a good feedback loop into minimizing the cost of repair of Teslas, for all Teslas worldwide, because we obviously want to minimize the cost of repairing at Tesla if it's in a collision and for Tesla Insurance.
     And previously, we didn't actually have good insight into that, because the other insurance companies would cover the cost.
     And actually, the cost in some cases, were unreasonably high.
     So we've actually adjusted the design of the car and made changes in the software of the car to minimize the cost of repair, obviously minimize -- first, the best repair is no repair, avoid the accident entirely, which since every Tesla comes with the most advanced active safety in the world, whether or not you buy full self-driving, you still get the intelligence of full self-driving or active safety, active collision prevention.
     So it's giving us this really good feedback before, again, reducing cost -- total cost of ownership and also just figuring out how to get -- if somebody's cars in an accident, most accidents are actually small.
     They're like a broken fender or scratched side of the car or something like, the vast majority of accidents.
     But we're actually solving how to get somebody's car repaired very quickly and efficiently and back in their hands.
     And like I said, those improvements actually apply then to old cars.
     And we're making just to emphasize another key point, because some of these points might be like, so I apologize for being repetitive.
     But it's remarkable how small changes in design of the bumper and improving -- obviously improving the logistics of spare part or providing spare parts needed for collision repair, have an enormous effect on the repair cost.
     So, if you're waiting for a part to get repaired and that part takes a month, now you've got a month of having to rent another car.
     It's extremely expensive.
     And of course, you're missing the car that you love and the one you actually want to drive.
     So, this has actually a very significant effect on total cost of ownership and customer happiness.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
>>> The next question from investors is, is Cybertruck production still on track for mid-year?
     Elon Musk

We do expect production to start, I don't know, maybe sometime this summer.
     But, I always like credit downplay at the start of production, because the start of production is always very slow.
     It increases exponentially, but it's always very slow at first.
     So I wouldn't put too much stock in start of production.
     It's kind of when does volume production actually happen, and that's next year.
     Andrew Baglino

Thank you.
     That's great Elon.
     Like just to emphasize on that, we've started installation of production equipment here in Giga Texas, castings, GA, general assembly, body shops.
     We built all our beta vehicles, some more coming still in the next month, but as you said the ramp will really come 2024.
     Elon Musk

Yes, exactly.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     And the last investor question is, with near-infinite global demand for energy storage.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     Martin Viecha

Where will Tesla build the next Megapack factories?
     How many are needed on each continent?
-----
3. [Sentence #182] [PLAN]
     And when do you expect to scale to 10,000 vehicles a year -- a week?
     Andrew Baglino

Yeah.
     Thanks, Martin.
     First, I just want to say congrats and thanks to the Tesla 4680 team for achieving 1,000 a week in Q4.
     It was no small feat.
     Definitely a result of more than a couple of years of hard work.
     As far as where we stand in Texas, one of four lines are in production, with the remaining three in stages of commissioning and install.
     Really, our 2023 goal as a 4680 team is to deliver a cost-effective ramp of 4680s well ahead of Cybertruck.
     Focus areas are dialing in and improving the quality of the high-volume supply mechanical parts and driving factory process yields up as much as possible.
     Between two of those things, if we had achieved those key goals, we'll be well set up to -- for a major 4680 year in 2024.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     Next investor question is Elon said previously that FSD Hardware 4 will most likely come first in Cybertruck.
     Is that still the current plan?
     Do you expect there to be an upgrade path for Hardware 3 cars to Hardware 4?
     Elon Musk

Yes, Cybertruck will have Hardware 4.
>>> And to be clear, for 2023, Cybertruck will not be a significant contributor to the bottom line but it will be into next year.
     So it's an incredible product.
     I can't wait to drive it personally.
     It will be the car that I drive every day.
     I actually just I'm wearing the T-shirt with this matched glass.
     And it's just one of those products that only comes along once in a while, and it's really special.
     So yeah, so with respect to upgrading cars on Hardware 3, I don't think that will be needed.
     Hardware 3 will not be as good as Hardware 4, but I'm confident that Hardware 3 will so far exceed the average -- the safety of the average human.
     So what we're aiming for is like how do we get ultimately to, let's say, for argument's sake if Hardware 3 can be, say, 200% or 300% safer than human, Hardware 4 might be 500% or 600%.
     It will be Hardware 5 beyond that.
     But what really matters is are we improving the average safety on the road.
     But it is the cost and difficulty of retrofitting Hardware 3 with Hardware 4 is quite significant.
     So it would not be, I think, economically feasible to do so.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question is for Zach.
     Zach, when do you think Tesla Insurance will become big enough revenue source to warrant providing more details in the financials of the business so investors can compare it to other insurance companies?
-----

Total context windows: 3
