[Year 2023] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #175, TSLA_Q1_2023] [PLAN]
     And then there's the commodities world, which has been a huge pain point in our cost structure over the last, say, two years or so, and we're still kind of at the maximum of pain for commodities in our cost structure.
     It kind of maximize -- max down in the second half of last year.
     We did start to see, in Q1, a little bit of improvement.
     We think there'll be a little bit more improvement in Q2, but...

Elon Musk

Lithium has dropped a lot.
     It's worth mentioning that the price of lithium has dropped significantly.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes.
     And that's the piece that we expect to see more impact on in Q2.
     And, generally, as a company, we do expect commodity prices to come down and have a more meaningful impact in the second half of the year.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

So this is our approach.
     How that nets out, I mean, just a lot of risk, and we'll have to see how the year progresses.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question is, how has global order intake tracked since the most recent round of price cuts?
     Elon Musk

I think the overall thing we can say is that orders are in excess of production.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
>>> And maybe the last question from investors, can you give updated specs and pricing for Cybertruck and any new features that will make it to production?
     Elon Musk

Well, I think we'll save that for the Cybertruck handover, which will hopefully be around the end of Q3 this year.
     And one thing I am confident of saying is that, it's an incredible product, it's a hall of famer, I think.
     And a product like this only comes once in a long while.
     So it will not be disappointed at all.
     It's amazing.
     Martin Viecha

Great.
     Thank you very much.
     And let's go to analyst questions.
     We'll start with Alex Potter from Piper Sandler.
     Alex, go ahead and unmute.
     Alex Potter

Can you hear me?
     Martin Viecha

Yes.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     Alex Potter

Okay.
     Perfect.
-----
2. [Sentence #1745, TSLA_Q4_2023] [PLAN]
     Note that the sales under this program are recognized as upfront revenue and reported within automotive sales.
     Our energy storage business had another record year with deployments more than doubling and revenues increasing by more than 50%.
     This business is poised to again surpass our auto business in terms of growth rate in 2024.
     This has been in the works for quite some time with us laying the foundation a few years back by building our Megafactory in Lathrop.
     I would like to thank the whole Tesla Energy team for their efforts to make this a reality.
     Our services and others business also started contributing meaningfully to our results and our fleets -- as our fleet grows.
     As we expected the fleet-based revenues from supercharging, used cars, and services continue to increase.
     For 2024, our focus is to continue growing our output, continuing our cost reduction efforts, and increasing investments in our future growth initiatives.
     Accordingly, we are currently expecting our capital expenditure for 2024 to be in excess of $10 billion.
     We believe this would be critical in helping us lay the foundation for the next phase of growth.
     Once again, I would like to thank everybody at Tesla, our investors, and our suppliers for being with us in this journey.
     We can open it up to questions, Martin.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     Let's go through investor questions.
     Question number one is from Michael.
>>> Given that you moved the start of the next-generation compact vehicle production to Austin, has the timeline improved so that we might see next-generation platform vehicles in 2025?
     Elon Musk

I mean, I would certainly say things with they should be taken with a grain of salt, since I am often optimistic.
     I don't want to blow your minds, but I'm often optimistic regarding time.
     But our current schedule shows that we will start production towards the end of 2025.
     So sometime in the second half.
     That's just what our current schedule says.
     But there's a lot of new technology like a tremendous amount of new revolutionary manufacturing technology here.
     The reason I wanted to put this new revolutionary manufacturing line at Giga Texas was because we really need the engineers to be living on the line.
     This is not sort of off the shelf, just works type of thing.
     And it's just a lot easier for Tesla engineering to live online if it's in Austin versus elsewhere.
     So -- but we are currently expecting to start production second half next year.
     That will be a challenging production ramp.
     Like, as I can emphasize we'll be sleeping on the line practically.
     In fact, not practically.
     We will be.
     But I am confident that once it is going, it will be head and shoulders above any other manufacturing technology that exists anywhere in the world.
-----
3. [Sentence #71, TSLA_Q1_2023] [PILOT]
     There's three main points I want to make.
     First, automotive gross margin and operating margin reduced sequentially.
     But as Elon mentioned, these remain at healthy levels.
     In particular, automotive gross margin was impacted by a few factors since our discussion on the last earnings call, which include additional action taken in the second half of the quarter to improve vehicle pricing and one-time items, most notably warranty adjustments on older S and X vehicles as well as increased deferred revenue for certain Autopilot features as we transition technologies.
     Progress on vehicle cost reduction continued in Q1 with meaningful improvements on logistics and the beginnings of some commodity cost reductions starting to be realized.
     Per unit cost for Austin and Berlin improved as well, driven by record volumes.
     However, these factories still provide a margin headwind and will likely continue to do so until after we reach and stabilize at our intended volumes.
     Note that Q1 was our third quarter in our multi-quarter plan to move to a more regionally balanced mix of build and deliveries.
     As I've mentioned previously, this results in lower deliveries and production within a quarter due to a higher volume of cars in transit at the end of the quarter and has an associated impact on quarter-ending free cash flows.
     This was particularly prevalent in Q1 for S and X as we begin exporting cars for international deliveries.
     Second, our storage business is starting to take shape, and this is exciting to see after many years of investment and focus.
     This business is growing as a percentage of the businesses of the company's revenue and reached its highest level yet in Q1, driven by an increasing rate of deliveries for our Megapack products.
     We are also making progress on storage profitability, generating our highest gross profit yet in the quarter.
     Third, I want to reiterate the philosophy by which we're operating the business this year.
     Our approach is to grow volumes as quickly as possible in both our vehicle and energy businesses.
>>> We plan to continue to invest heavily into our future plans, which include the Cybertruck next-generation platform, in-house cell production, energy storage business and our autonomy and AI-enabled products.
     And we plan to do this while keeping the business financially healthy and industry leading.
     To accomplish this, we need to remain focused on cost efficiency and working capital and in particular, unwinding the strategic inventory buildup left over from the pandemic.
     I want to conclude by thanking the Tesla team again, as well as thanking our suppliers and our customers.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     And let's go to investor questions on say.com.
     The first one is what is the process to make auto pricing adjustments?
     What variables do you consider?
     How frequently do you review pricing?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Do you want to take that, Elon, or do you want me to take that?
     Elon Musk

My apologies.
     Sorry, I was on mute.
     Yeah, I think this is not something that we can really talk about.
     It's just -- we do our best to evaluate the production output, macroeconomic conditions, and we make a decision.
     But it's -- and unless there's something you'd like to add, Zach.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

I think that's right.
-----
4. [Sentence #1170, TSLA_Q3_2023] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     This is the end-to-end AI where it’s photon count in, controls out.
     Really you can think of it as there’s just a large bitstream coming in and a tiny bitstream going out, compressing reality into a very small set of outputs, which is actually kind of how humans work.
     The vast majority of human data input is optics from our eyes.
     And so, we are like the car, photons in, controls out with neural nets, just neural nets in the middle.
     So, interesting to think about that.
     We’ll continue to invest significantly in AI development, as this is really the mass game changer.
     And I mean success in this regard in the long-term I think has the potential to make Tesla the most valuable company in the world by far.
     If you have fully autonomous cars at scale and fully autonomous humanoid robots that are truly useful, it’s not clear what the limit is.
     Regarding energy storage, we deployed 4 gigawatt hours of energy of storage products in Q3.
     And as this business grows, the energy division is becoming our highest margin business.
     Energy and service now contribute over $0.5 billion to quarterly profit.
     The Cybertruck, I know a lot of people are excited about the Cybertruck.
     I am too.
     I’ve driven the car.
     It’s an amazing product.
>>> I do want to emphasize that there will be enormous challenges in reaching volume production with the Cybertruck, and then in making a Cybertruck cash flow positive.
     This is simply normal for when you’ve got a product with a lot of new technology or any new vehicle, brand new vehicle program, but especially one that is as different and advanced as the Cybertruck, you will have problems proportionate to how many new things you’re trying to solve at scale.
     So, I just want to emphasize that while I think this is potentially our best product ever and I think it is our best product ever, it is going to be -- require immense work to reach volume production and be cash flow positive at a price that people can afford.
     Often people do not understand what is truly hard.
     That’s why I say prototypes are easy, production is hard.
     People think it’s the idea, or you make a prototype, you design a car.
     And as soon as they’re designing a car, it’s just anyone can do it, it does require taste, it does require effort to design a prototype.
     But it’s difficult to going from a prototype to volume production, it’s like 10,000% harder to get to volume production than to make a prototype in the first place, and then it is even harder than that to reach positive cash flow.
     That is why there have not been new car startups that have been successful for a 100 years apart from Tesla.
     So, I just want to temper expectations for Cybertruck.
     It’s a great product, but financially it will take, I don’t know, a year to 18 months before it is a significant positive cash flow contributor.
     I wish there was some way for that to be different, but that’s my best guess.
     The demand is off the charts.
     We have over 1 million people who’ve reserved the car.
     So it’s not a demand issue, but we have to make it and we need to make it at a price that people can afford, insanely difficult things.
     In conclusion, we continue to focus on ramping production while maintaining positive cash flow and we continue to target -- expect to have around 1.8 million vehicle deliveries, as stated earlier this year.
-----
5. [Sentence #637, TSLA_Q2_2023] [PILOT]
     And we have outstanding capabilities in all three arenas.
     And I really just don’t know how anyone could do what we’re doing, even if they had our software and had our computer, if they did not have the training data.
     So, speaking of which, our Dojo training computer is designed to significantly reduce the cost of neural net training.
     It is designed to -- it’s somewhat optimized for the kind of training that we need, which is a video training.
     So, we just see that the need for neural net training -- again, talking -- speaking of quasi-infinite things, is just enormous.
     So, I think having -- we expect to use both, NVIDIA and Dojo, to be clear.
     But there’s -- we just see demand for really vast training resources.
     And we think we may reach in-house neural net training capability of a 100 exaflops by the end of next year.
     So, to date, over 300 million miles have been driven using FSD beta.
     That 300 million mile number is going to seem small very quickly.
     It’ll soon be billions of miles, then tens of billions of miles.
     And FSD will go from being as good as a human to then being vastly better than a human.
     We see a clear path to full self-driving being 10 times safer than the average human driver, so.
     And between Autopilot, Dojo computer, our inference hardware in the car, which we call sort of Hardware 3, 4, but it’s really dedicated.
     It’s a high efficiency inference computer that’s in the car and our Optimus robot, Tesla’s clearly at the cutting edge of AI development.
>>> With regard to our Cybertruck, we continue to build our release candidates of the Cybertruck on our final production line in Austin.
     I’m actually here in Austin at the Gigafactory.
     This is the first truck that we’re aware of that will have four doors over a six foot bed and will fit into a 20-foot garage.
     So, it’s sort of biggest on the outside, but it’s even bigger on the inside.
     So it’s -- I think that’s a -- one of the elements of good design is it should feel bigger on the inside than it looks on the outside.
     And this is no small car, but we really cared about the exterior dimensions of the Cybertruck down to the last millimeter.
     So just -- we try to get right in the middle of the Goldilocks zone, not too big, not too small and then really maximize the utility of the volume.
     And we can’t wait to start delivering it later this year.
     Some other highlights.
     Our global Supercharging network now stands at over 50,000 -- roughly 50,000 connectors and over 5,000 locations.
     As I think a lot of people are aware, the Tesla Charging Standard, which we made open source and it’s now called the North American Charging Standard.
     We’re deeply honored that Ford, GM, Mercedes and many other OEMs have signed up to use our connector and gain access to our charging network.
     We strongly believe in helping other car companies to accelerate the EV revolution and just trying to do the right thing in general.
     So, that’s the goal there.
     Then something I think, I want emphasize, like very strongly, this is a very important point is that Tesla -- just as with the North American Charging Standard, although we’re not license -- in that case not licensing, we’re just making it available, but we are very open to licensing our full self-driving software and hardware to other car companies.
     And we are already in discussions with -- early discussions with major OEM about using Tesla FSD.
-----
6. [Sentence #695, TSLA_Q2_2023] [PLAN]
     It’s also important to keep in mind the uncertainty in the macro environment, which can impact our execution positively or negatively in the near term.
     Regardless, we continue to remain dynamic with a focus on fundamental efficiency and a long-term outlook.
     Congratulations again to everybody on a great quarter.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much, Zach.
     And let’s go to investor questions.
     The first question on licensing FSD we’ve already answered.
     So, let’s go to the second one.
     The second question is, what is the status of 4680 cells?
     How far are you from the specs you laid out on Battery Day?
     When do you expect to achieve what you laid out on Battery Day?
     Unidentified Company Representative

Yes.
     First, I’ll just start with a little bit of a production update.
     So, in Texas, 4680 cell production increased 80% Q2 over Q1, and the team surpassed 10 million production cells produced here in Texas.
     So, congrats to the team for that.
     Their focus on yield reduced our scrap bill by 40% quarter-over-quarter, and that resulted in a 25% reduction in cell COGS.
>>> Here in Texas, we’re preparing to launch our Cybertruck cell, which is 10% higher energy density than current production.
     That was accomplished through process and mechanical design optimization.
     As we scale Cyber cell production through the end of the year and early next, we should be in a comfortable place on cost per cell.
     Against our battery energy density targets, the Cyber cell is at our expectations on a like-for-like electrochemistry basis.
     We’re yet to integrate silicon or in-house cathode production, both reviewed on Battery Day, which do bring significant further energy density and cost improvements, but that is a topic for another day.
     Lastly, it is important to remember that most of what we focused on a Battery Day was the Tesla-engineered 4680 production system and the improvements we strove to achieve on equipment, factory density, capital cost and utility cost reduction, all of which we are realizing in our Texas scale up to date.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     The next question is, can you talk more to the upcoming Tesla Energy products and how your thinking has evolved on the revenue model?
     Given Tesla’s AI capabilities, how do you see the long-term mix between hardware margin and recurring software margin from Autobidder as this segment accelerates?
     Unidentified Company Representative

We can’t comment on future product road map, but I can provide a quick energy Q2 update.
     Megapack continues to show strong demand globally with Lathrop ramping successfully to meet our contracted projects in 2023.
     As stated last quarter, Megapack margins are in a reasonable place, in line with our target – vehicle target margins.
     The second final assembly line at Lathrop is progressing on schedule, eventually doubling Lathrop capacity ahead of our full factory ramp in 2024.
     We have several exciting large projects in construction or nearing completion, including the KES project in Hawaii, the Riverina project in Australia, several products in California and one here at Gigafactory, Texas that we’ll tour today, actually.
     We want to thank our customers, utilities and grid operators for trusting us with these projects.
     On the Autobidder question, we continue to grow Autobidder contracts in wholesale markets like Australia, Texas, UK and California with over 6 gigawatt hours under Tesla’s dispatch next year.
-----
7. [Sentence #1240, TSLA_Q3_2023] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     Now, I can say that -- if you say, well, where will things end up?
     I think we’ll end up with roughly a 0.25 million Cybertrucks a year, I don’t think we’re going to reach that output rate next year.
     I think we’ll probably reach it sometime in 2025.
     That’s my best guess.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The second question is, can you provide a progress update on the 4680 cell, particularly progress towards performance improvements and cost savings outlined on Battery Day?
     Thank you.
     Unidentified Company Representative

Sure thing, Martin.
     4680 cell production in Texas increased 40% quarter-over-quarter.
     Congrats to the Texas team for producing their 20 million cell off of line one.
     Texas is now our primary 4680 facility.
     We’re heavily focused on quality.
     Scrap is down 40% quarter-over-quarter.
     With the increased volume and yield improvements, cell costs consistently improved month-over-month within the quarter, although we have a lot more work to do to achieve our steady state goals.
     And that is our priority.
>>> The Cybertruck cell with 10% higher energy than our Model Y cell started production on line two in Texas.
     This quarter we convert to building a 100% Cybertruck cells to simplify and focus the factory as we ramp all four lines in Phase 1 over the next three quarters.
     Phase 2 of the Texas 4680 facility is currently under construction.
     The additional four lines incorporate further capital efficiencies over Phase 1, and our target is for them to start producing in late 2024.
     Lastly, in Kato, we’re retooling to enable large scale pallet runs of our next generation cell designs.
     Kato’s long-term goal is to be the launch pad for new cells, one generation ahead of our mass production facilities, enabling faster iteration and smoother ramp ups of new designs.
     A – Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question from institutional investors.
     Could you please provide an update on capacity expansion plans for company’s factories in Berlin and Austin, and the opening schedule of Gigafactory Mexico?
     A – Unidentified Company Representative

Berlin and Austin factories, the current priority is actually maximize the output from our existing lines, by laser focus on efficiency improvement.
     As always, maintaining a high quality and the reducing per unit cost will be as critical as growing the production volume.
     For Mexico, we’re working on infrastructure and factory design in parallel with the engineering and development of the new production that we’ll be manufacturing there.
     That’s what I can share for now.
     Elon Musk

In Mexico we’re laying the groundwork to begin construction and doing all the long lead items.
     But I think we want to just get a sense for what the global economy is like before we go full tilt on the Mexico factory.
     I’m worried about the high interest rate environment that we’re in.
-----
8. [Sentence #2097, TSLA_Q4_2023] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     Frankly, I think if there are not trade barriers established, they will pretty much demolish most other car companies in the world.
     So they're extremely good.
     We don't see an obvious opportunity to partner.
     Certainly, we're happy to, except on the supercharger front.
     We're obviously happy to give any electric car company access to our supercharger network.
     We're also happy to license full self-driving, perhaps license other technologies, and anything that could be helpful in advancing the sustainable energy revolution.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     And the next question comes from Dan Levy from Barclays.
     Dan Levy

Hi.
     Good evening.
     Thank you for taking the questions.
     First, I'm wondering if you can just walk through some of the gating factors required to unlock your next-gen platform.
     You talked about a number of cost initiatives back at the Investor Day a year ago, things in manufacturing and powertrain.
     Maybe you can just give us a sense of where these initiatives stand.
     And do you believe -- we know that there's a number of new features and technologies in Cybertruck, things like 48 volts architecture, really employing your 4680 batteries.
>>> To what extent do you think Cybertruck is really a proving ground for the next-gen platform and is really going to be a gating factor to unlocking the cost reductions needed for the next-gen platform?
     Lars Moravy

Yeah, I don't think that anything on Cybertruck should be considered gating for the next-gen platform.
     We're obviously doing a lot of manufacturing innovation, as Elon said, for a next-generation vehicle.
     When you do something at that scale, you have to prove it out.
     You don't just throw it on the line and just build it.
     So we're going through those validation phases for all those new manufacturing technologies now.
     Sure, 48 volts was definitely something we wanted to carry forward, and it's something we hope the industry adopts as well.
     We're also open to partnering.
     Elon Musk

Yeah.
     48 volts.
     Lars Moravy

On that if everyone wants to do that.
     Elon Musk

Certainly.
     Man, the people that really know that this is like the inside baseball thing.
     But man, 48, it's so high time that the water industry moved from the 12 -- the random number of 12 volts to 48 volts.
     Lars Moravy

Random number of 48 volts.
     Elon Musk

Yeah.
-----
9. [Sentence #54, TSLA_Q1_2023] [PILOT]
     So we're -- as we've expected, the stationary storage growth actually will significantly exceed the vehicle growth.
     Regarding Autopilot and Full Self-Driving, we've now crossed over 150 million miles driven by Full Self-Driving beta, and this number is growing exponentially.
     We're -- I mean, this is a data advantage that really no one else has.
     Those who understand AI will understand the importance of data -- of training data and how fundamental that is to achieving an incredible outcome.
     So, yes, so we're also very focused on improving our neural net training capabilities as is one of the main limiting factors of achieving full autonomy.
     So, we're continuing to simultaneously make significant purchases of NVIDIA GPUs and also putting a lot of effort into Dojo, which we believe has the potential for an order of magnitude improvement in the cost of training.
     And it also -- Dojo also has the potential to become a sellable service that we would offer to other companies in the same way that Amazon Web Services offers web services, even though it started out as a bookstore.
     So, I really think that, yes, the Dojo potential is very significant.
     In conclusion, we're taking a view that we want to keep making and selling as many cars as we can.
     Despite this being an uncertain macro environment, this is a good time to increase our lead further, and we'll continue to invest in growth as fast as possible.
     Once again, I'd like to give a huge thanks to all Tesla employees worldwide who are doing an incredible job again.
     And yes, super appreciated.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     And Zach has some remarks as well.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Thanks Martin.
>>> I want to start by congratulating the Tesla team for record vehicle production and deliveries.
     And I also want to congratulate our energy storage team for record volumes as well.
     There's three main points I want to make.
     First, automotive gross margin and operating margin reduced sequentially.
     But as Elon mentioned, these remain at healthy levels.
     In particular, automotive gross margin was impacted by a few factors since our discussion on the last earnings call, which include additional action taken in the second half of the quarter to improve vehicle pricing and one-time items, most notably warranty adjustments on older S and X vehicles as well as increased deferred revenue for certain Autopilot features as we transition technologies.
     Progress on vehicle cost reduction continued in Q1 with meaningful improvements on logistics and the beginnings of some commodity cost reductions starting to be realized.
     Per unit cost for Austin and Berlin improved as well, driven by record volumes.
     However, these factories still provide a margin headwind and will likely continue to do so until after we reach and stabilize at our intended volumes.
     Note that Q1 was our third quarter in our multi-quarter plan to move to a more regionally balanced mix of build and deliveries.
     As I've mentioned previously, this results in lower deliveries and production within a quarter due to a higher volume of cars in transit at the end of the quarter and has an associated impact on quarter-ending free cash flows.
     This was particularly prevalent in Q1 for S and X as we begin exporting cars for international deliveries.
     Second, our storage business is starting to take shape, and this is exciting to see after many years of investment and focus.
     This business is growing as a percentage of the businesses of the company's revenue and reached its highest level yet in Q1, driven by an increasing rate of deliveries for our Megapack products.
     We are also making progress on storage profitability, generating our highest gross profit yet in the quarter.
     Third, I want to reiterate the philosophy by which we're operating the business this year.
-----
10. [Sentence #1846, TSLA_Q4_2023] [PLAN]
     It's not that people don't want.
     We have tons of -- we have lots of people who want to buy our car but simply cannot afford it.
     And as interest rates drop and that monthly payment drops, then they're able to afford it and they buy the car.
     It's pretty straightforward and there are no tricks around to get around this.
     Martin Viecha

Okay.
     Thank you.
     The next question is, does the company anticipate a 50% volume CAGR to be realized in either of 2024 or 2025?
     If not, why not?
     Vaibhav Taneja

As we have said in our prior guidance, there will be periods where we won't be growing at the same rate as before.
     We are between two major growth waves.
     The first one began with the global expansion of Model 3 and Y, and we believe the next one will be initiated with the next generation platform.
     In 2024, our volume growth will be lower, as we have said, because we are trying to focus the team on the launch of the next generation vehicle.
     Martin Viecha

All right.
     Thank you very much.
     The next question is from Michael.
>>> When will Tesla start construction on the Giga Nevada expansion and Giga Mexico, and when can we expect each of these to produce their first products such as 4680 cell, Semi, and next-gen vehicles?
     Karn Budhiraj

We have recently broken ground for the next phase of Giga Nevada expansion to incorporate Semi and other projects.
     But as said earlier, as regarding Mexico, we want to first demonstrate success with the next-generation platform in Austin before we start construction.
     Therefore, we have started the long lead work to get the basics ready and plan to follow our recipe from the 3/Y ramp with Shanghai, where we started with learnings from Fremont and ramp really quickly.
     Elon Musk

Yeah, exactly.
     It's important to emphasize that I mean, Model 3 production was three years of hell, I've said it before, some of the really worst years of my life, frankly.
     I still have mental scar tissue from those three years, as do many.
     And then Model Y was somewhat of a variant on Model 3.
     So a much easier situation.
     And then we were able to actually do an improved -- slightly improved versions of, in some cases, significantly improved versions of the Model Y production line in Shanghai and Berlin.
     And that's the right, I think the sensible way to go about things is kind of figure out the core technology of the manufacturing line and then replicate it with improvements throughout the world.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question from Michael is, has there been any progress made with an FSD licensing agreement with another company?
     Elon Musk

I really think lots of car companies should be asking for FSD licenses.
     And we've had some tentative conversations, but I think they don't believe it's real quite yet.
     I think that will become obvious probably this year.
-----

Total context windows: 10
