[Multi-Year Analysis] Model-y delivery

1. [Sentence #731, TSLA_Q3_2019] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     Elon Musk

Sure.
     DeepScale is a very tiny company.
     It's basically about 12 people, and they have some expertise in increasing the efficiency of neural nets for a given amount of compute, which I think is helpful.
     So it remains to be seen, but the intent behind what was a very tiny acquisition was to, I think, slightly accelerate FSD.
     That is the intent, and hopefully that will turn out to be true.
     Yeah.
     Martin Viecha

Okay.
>>> The second question, we've already answered regarding Model Y delivery.
     So we'll jump to the third question from Craig.
     News reports suggest that Gigafactory may already be producing Model 3s for Chinese market.
     Could you please update us on the production expectations for Giga 3?
     And confirm purpose of the second building now being built.
     Is that for battery production as suggested by some press outlets?
     Elon Musk

Yeah, we're in trial production of Model 3, basically sending cars through the system, and we're ramping rapidly.
     We're expecting to hit volume production in a few months essentially.
-----
2. [Sentence #407, TSLA_Q1_2019] [PLAN]
     First one, on customer deposits, it looks like it’s essentially flat to maybe slightly down.
     I understand it’s probably some timing with deliveries that could have helped it towards the end of the quarter.
     But we would have thought it would have increased given the Model Y [indiscernible].
     So, our question is what was the initial order intake for the Model Y?
     And just coming through combing some of your comment earlier, what daily order rate are you seeing right now for the rest of your products?
     Elon Musk

I think we don’t want to comment on the granularity of deposits.
     Again, people read too much into this.
>>> We’re not playing of the Model Y because we’re just not in production so you can’t really read anything into Model Y orders at this point.
     David Tambourino

Okay.
     Well, then my second question would just be if you anticipate a further price adjustment the next level view credit phasing out July 1?
     Elon Musk

We don’t comment on future price changes unless you see it publicly.
     Martin Viecha

Okay.
     Let’s go to the next question please.
     Operator

Thank you.
     Our next question comes from Colin Rusch with Oppenheimer.
-----
3. [Sentence #1086, TSLA_Q4_2019] [PLAN]
     Financially, we have demonstrated multiple quarters of strong cash generation, enabled to higher volumes, improvements to capital efficiency, progress on working capital management and continued improvement in our product and operational costs.
     And we were able to achieve positive GAAP net income in both Q3 and Q4 for many of the same reasons that enabled strong cash generation.
     We've also made progress on recurring and software-based revenue with the implementation of premium connectivity and the beginning of upgrades available for purchase via the Tesla mobile app.
     Finally on stock-based compensation, it increased sequentially by $82 million driven almost entirely by an expense related to the next tranche of the CEO grant.
     This is a result of our improved, expected financial performance of the company, which the CEO stock grant is tied to.
     As we look ahead to 2020, this again will be an important year for the company.
     Our task ahead is to execute on the next phase of growth, while managing cash flows to support that growth.
>>> On Model Y, we expect first deliveries in limited quantities later this quarter and will ramp over subsequent quarters.
     As mentioned previously, we are forecasting higher gross margins on Model Y compared to the Model 3.
     This year for the Shanghai built Model 3, we expect to achieve run rate production and delivery rates.
     In addition, we expect to have completed the majority of plant supply chain localization at the factory or in the region.
     This is one of the most important components to achieve lower production costs for the site.
     We are also seeing strong order rates for the locally-built Model 3 and remain focused on continuing the production ramp and managing costs.
     We also anticipate significant progress on factory construction of the Shanghai and Berlin built Model Y, which will result in continued increases in capital spending.
     On operating expenses I expect an increase over the course of the year to support our growing product pipeline and international footprint.
-----

Total context windows: 3
