[TSLA_Q3_2024] From 2022 to 2024, how did Tesla’s gross margin evolve across vehicle and energy segments, and did it match their stated margin targets?

1. [Sentence #146] [PLAN]
     We actually have enough with raw materials to take all of human civilization, make it fully sustainable and dramatically increased its trust usage would still be fully sustainable.
     One way to think of the progress of a civilization, this may sound a little esoteric, but is percentage completion of scale.
     So, [Inaudible] scale, one would be you're using all the power of a planet.
     We're currently less than 1% on Level 1.
     Level 2 would be using all the power of the sun, and Level 3, all of power of the galaxy, so we've got a long way to go, long way to go.
     When you think of courtship terms, it becomes obvious that by far, the biggest source of energy is the sun.
     Everything else is in the.
>>> So, in conclusion, Tesla is focused on building the future of energy, transport, robotics and AI.
     And this is a time when others are just focused on managing around near-term trends.
     We think what we're doing is the right approach.
     And if we execute on our objectives, I think we will, my prediction is Tesla will become the most valuable company in the world and probably by a long shot.
     I want to thank the Tesla team once again for strong execution in a tough operating environment, and we're looking forward to building an incredibly exciting future.
     Thank you.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much, Elon.
-----
2. [Sentence #107] [PILOT]
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

And we do expect to roll out ride-hailing in California and Texas next year to the public.
     Now, California is somewhere -- there's quite a long regulatory approval process.
     I think we should get approval next year but it's contingent upon regulatory approval.
     Texas is a lot faster so it's -- we'll definitely have available in Texas and probably have it available in California, subject to regulatory approval.
     And then -- and maybe some other states actually next year as well, but at least California and Texas.
     So, I think that would be very exciting.
     That's really a profound change.
>>> Tesla becomes more than a sort of vehicle and a battery manufacturing company at that point.
     So, we published Q3 vehicle safety report, which shows one crash for every 7 million miles of autopilot.
     That compares to the U.S. average of one crash roughly every 700,000 miles.
     So, it's currently showing a 10x safety improvement relative to the U.S.

average.
     And we continue to expand our AI training capacity to accommodate the needs of both FSD and Optimus.
     We are currently not training compute-constrained.
     Probably the biggest limiting factor of the FSD is actually getting so good that it takes us a while to actually find mistakes.
     And when you start getting to where it can take 10,000 miles to find a mistake, it takes a while to actually figure out which it is.
-----
3. [Sentence #191] [PLAN]
     This is a function of mix of projects being deployed in the quarter.
     Note that there will be fluctuation in margins as we manage through deployments and our inventory.
     Our pipeline and backlog continue to grow quarter over quarter as we fill our 2025 production slots, and we are doing our best to keep up with the demand.
     Just coming back on automotive margins.
     I talked about -- sorry, I talked about what is happening.
     One other thing which I want to also share is that we're seeing -- that we will continue to keep whatever we can to, like I said before, about squeezing of the cost.
     But this is something which we also are very capable of.
>>> I mean, just in Q3, we faced our lowest cost per vehicle, and that is a trend which we want to keep focused on.
     Then going on to service and other.
     We continue to show improvements in Q3.
     This was a result of better performance, both in our service as well as it includes collision, part sales, and merchandise and continued growth in supercharging.
     These fee-based revenues will continue to grow as the overall fleet size increases.
     Our operating expenses declined quarter over quarter and on year-on-year basis.
     This is partially due to the restructuring we undertook in Q2.
     Cost savings from these initiatives were partially offset by increase in costs related to our AI efforts.
-----

Total context windows: 3
