[TSLA_Q3_2024] How did Tesla’s energy storage business (Powerwall, Powerpack, Megapack) scale from 2019 to 2024, and was this growth aligned with Elon Musk’s targets?

1. [Sentence #18] [UNCERTAIN]
     So, to recap, as someone was saying, something that what -- the industry was seeing year-over-year declines in order volumes in Q3.
     Tesla, at the same time, has achieved record deliveries.
     In fact, I think if you look at EV companies worldwide, to the best of my knowledge, no EV company is even profitable.
     And I'm not -- to the best of my knowledge, there was no EV division of any company, of any existing car company that is profitable.
     So, it is notable that Tesla is profitable despite a very challenging automotive environment, and this quarter actually is a record Q3 for us.
     So, we produced our seventh million vehicle actually just yesterday, so congratulations to the teams that made it happen in Tesla.
     That's staggering the immense amount of work to make 7 million cars.
>>> So, you see, we all have -- the energy storage business is growing like wildfire with strong demand for both Megapack and Powerwall.
     And as you all know, on October 10, we laid out a vision for an autonomous and future that I think is very compelling that the Tesla team did a phenomenal job there with actually giving people an option to experience the future, where you have humanoid robots working among the craft, not with a canned video and a presentation or anything but walking among crowd so he drinks and whatnot.
     And we had 50 autonomous vehicles.
     There were 20 Cybercabs, but there were an additional 30 Model Ys, operating fully autonomously the entire night, carrying thousands of people with no incidents the entire night.
     And all those who went there that worth emphasizing that the Cybercab had no steering wheel or brake or accelerator panels, meaning there was no way for anyone to intervene manually a unit if they wanted to and the whole night went very smoothly.
     So, regarding the vehicle business, we are still on track to deliver our affordable models starting in the first half of 2025.
     This is -- I think probably people want should they assume for vehicle sales growth next year.
     And at the risk of -- to take a bit of risk here, I do want to give some rough estimate, which I think it's 20% to 30% vehicle growth next year, notwithstanding negative external events, like if there's some force majeure events, like some big war breaks out or interest rates go sky high or something like that.
-----
2. [Sentence #127] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     And then with Optimus, we showed a massive improvement in Optimus dexterity improvement on October 10.
     And our next-gen hand and forearm, which is 22 degrees of freedom, which is double the prior hand or forearm, it's extremely human-like, and so it's much better at tactile sensing.
     It's really -- I feel confident in saying that we have the most advanced humanoid robot by a long shot.
     And we're moreover the only company that really has all of the ingredients necessary to scale humanoid robots.
     Because the things that -- what other companies are missing is that they're missing the AI brain, that they're missing people to really scale to very high-volume production.
     So, you see some impressive video demos, but what like the localized AI and the volume to very high numbers.
     As I've said on a few occasions before, I think Optimus will ultimately be the most valuable part, so I think has a good chance of being the most viable product that we made.
>>> For the energy business, that's doing extremely well.
     And the opportunity ahead is gigantic.
     The Lathrop Megapack factory reached 200 Megapacks a week, which is now a 40-gigawatt hour a year run rate.
     And we have a second factory in Shanghai that will begin with the 20-gigawatt hour a year run rate in Q1 next year so next quarter.
     And that will also scale out.
     It won't be long before we're shipping 100-gigawatt hours a year stationary storage at Tesla.
     And will that -- I mean, that will ultimately grow, I think, to multiple terawatt hours per year.
     It has to actually in order to have a sustainable energy future.
-----
3. [Sentence #447] [PLAN]
     Where is it going to be made?
     How is it going to be shipped?
     How is it going to be assembled into the vehicle?
     At any one point if something is done in the silo, it becomes a bottleneck of either cost or time or efficiency, but with the robotaxi development, like we've done a good job on the combining all that and then like blowing up how it's made and saying it should be made this way and rethinking it also that it's the most efficient factory possible.
     That shows our -- it will see our capex efficiency when we deploy it shows in the number of parts, simplicity of vehicle but also help performance in terms of like end user state.
     Vaibhav Taneja -- Chief Financial Officer

Yeah.
     Just to close out, just on the emerging front also in '25, we will have started manufacturing of car.
>>> We'll continue to increase our storage deployments with Powerwall 3.
     We plan to continue expanding our supercharging network, getting more OEMs on our network, 4680 that as Elon talked about, that would keep going.
     And then also we'll have our lithium refinery starting to produce.
     So, there's a lot which is going on.
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

Yes, so many things.
     Like crazy thing is like Tesla is winning basically on almost every single thing we're doing.
     If we're not running now, we're in a where their entire large companies, that's the only thing they do.
     Vaibhav Taneja -- Chief Financial Officer

Yes.
-----
4. [Sentence #212] [PLAN]
     The Tesla team is hyper-focused on delivering on that version.
     All efforts are underway to make it a reality.
     While we've achieved significant progress this year, it will take time to get this as we find new and incredibly complex technologies and navigate a fragmented regulatory landscape.
     The future is incredibly bright, and I want to thank the Tesla team once again for all their help.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much, Vaibhav.
     Now, we'll go to investor questions.
>>> The first one is, is Tesla still on track to deliver the more affordable model next year, as mentioned by Elon earlier?
     And how does it align with your AI and product road map?
     Unknown speaker -- -- Analyst

Sure.
     I mean, as Elon and Vaibhav both said, we are on plan to meet that in the first half of next year.
     Ambition has always been to lower the cost of our vehicles to increase the adoption of sustainable energy and transport.
     Part of that is lowering the cost of our current vehicles, which is where all of the personally owned vehicles that we sell today come in.
     But the next stage in that, really as it fits into AI road map, is when we bring in robotaxis, which lowers the initial cost of getting into an EV -- and those -- that's really where we see the marriage of EV road map and the AI road map.
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

Yeah.
-----
5. [Sentence #129] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     It's really -- I feel confident in saying that we have the most advanced humanoid robot by a long shot.
     And we're moreover the only company that really has all of the ingredients necessary to scale humanoid robots.
     Because the things that -- what other companies are missing is that they're missing the AI brain, that they're missing people to really scale to very high-volume production.
     So, you see some impressive video demos, but what like the localized AI and the volume to very high numbers.
     As I've said on a few occasions before, I think Optimus will ultimately be the most valuable part, so I think has a good chance of being the most viable product that we made.
     For the energy business, that's doing extremely well.
     And the opportunity ahead is gigantic.
>>> The Lathrop Megapack factory reached 200 Megapacks a week, which is now a 40-gigawatt hour a year run rate.
     And we have a second factory in Shanghai that will begin with the 20-gigawatt hour a year run rate in Q1 next year so next quarter.
     And that will also scale out.
     It won't be long before we're shipping 100-gigawatt hours a year stationary storage at Tesla.
     And will that -- I mean, that will ultimately grow, I think, to multiple terawatt hours per year.
     It has to actually in order to have a sustainable energy future.
     If you're not at the terawatt scale, you're not really moving the needle.
     So, if you look at our very complicated last master plan, which I think actually is too much detail, I'll maybe ask to analyze it and give us the TLDR on the management plan.
-----

Total context windows: 5
