[TSLA_Q1_2020] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #280] [PILOT]
     So it's really – air quality is incredibly important even in non-COVID situations going forward.
     So taking all those things that we've replenished and applying to how HVAC would be and commercial HVAC would be is just very exciting.
     And then you've got – if you're condensing water, like why not also have a few water source, if you have water, you possibly could then heat the water and have a water heater as well.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yeah.
     And use it as a heat source, if you need it instead of the outdoors, when the outdoor is really cold or the other way around.
     So lots of options.
     Elon Musk

It could be a hell of a product.
     So we just have to – Tesla have potentially to whether we continue on the product front.
     So we're going to make sure, we got a lot of ice in the fire here, for new products with the Cybertruck, Semi, new Roadster and the Gigafactories in various parts of the world and Model Y, Autopilot and the Solar Roof and…

Zachary Kirkhorn

New technologies.
     Elon Musk

Yeah, exactly.
     Powerwall, Powerpack, Megapack.
     We are seeing tremendous demand for stationary storage, more than we can supply, at least for 2020.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
>>> And the last question from the retailers, when will Tesla start acquiring utilities like Hornsdale Power Reserve and most lending instead of selling them battery storage?
     Does it make sense for Tesla to buy bigger plants and convert them?
     Elon Musk

Well, we haven't really thought about that yet.
     It's not out of the question, but our brand is full.
     Excuse me, sir, our brand is full.
     That's not out of the question.
     Our overarching goal is to help accelerate the advent of sustainable energy.
     And the three elements of that are sustainable power generation, then you've got to store the power, stationary storage.
     And then you've got to have electric transportation.
     So -- and we don't have, like, say, specific market share goals or anything like that.
     It's just to the degree that we can accelerate the advent of sustainable energy, we think that's a fundamental good for the world, and we want to do that as fast as possible.
     But it's not, like you said, market share growth is a goal in and of itself.
     It's just the faster this happens, the better the world will do.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
-----
2. [Sentence #203] [PILOT]
     It's a little bit over $600 million.
     And so as we release features with time, at the end of every quarter, we take a look at what features have been released associated value and then we can release that from the deferred revenue into our financials for that quarter.
     And then cars going forward, once the feature is released, we can recognize that revenue.
     So we reduce the amount of deferral, and we can recognize that revenue within period.
     So, I mean, this is one of what we think will be one of the most powerful gross margin levers with time as the feature suite is rolled out.
     Elon Musk

Absolutely.
     There's also a tremendous amount of untapped potential in the beat out there that could upgrade to turn on Autopilot -- basic Autopilot or Full Self-Driving.
     And that's something we will enable just as simple in our purchase or as we talked about earlier, just towards the end of the year, as a subscription.
     So that's just a lot of untapped potential there.
     That's not in the deferred revenue line, obviously, but it's certainly a great deal deferred potential that we think is a large portion, which is likely to reach fruition.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     And now let's go through the questions from retail investors.
     Question number one, Elon has mentioned a 50% compound annual growth target for Tesla in the past.
>>> Is this still in line with Tesla's ambitions for the next five to 10 years?
     This would be 4 million vehicles in 2025 and more than 20 million vehicles in 2030.
     Is 40% or more realistic target?
     Elon Musk

Well, it's always difficult to predict what the macro situation is going to be.
     I think people – actually people would have predicted the unexpected roundhouse that COVID came up with it sort of came out of nowhere.
     So I think in the absence of something, some massive force majeure events, but quite massive, I think, 40% is the likely number.
     It's possible that is 40%.
     I would be very shocked, if it's less than 40%, even with force majeure Model 3.
     Martin Viecha

Okay.
     The next question from retail investors.
     When will you announce the next Giga?
     How many Gigas, do you have planned for the next five years?
     Elon Musk

I think we will announce the next Giga possibly as soon as a month.
     We may not – as soon as next month.
-----
3. [Sentence #108] [PLAN]
     Model Y in Shanghai and Berlin are proceeding as planned and we're making progress on improving capacity for Model Y in Fremont and Model 3 in Shanghai.
     In the near term, our Shanghai factory remains operational, contributing an increasing level of cash flows and profitability to the company.
     In Fremont, we're working towards restarting production as soon as that's possible.
     We are also continuing to deliver cars that we were unable to deliver at the end of the first quarter.
     Our vehicle inventory balance increased by 14,000 units at the end of Q1, which was a headwind to free cash flows in Q1, but it's helpful in Q2.
     Note that one of the most important aspects of Model Y in Fremont and Model 3 in Shanghai is the dramatically improved cash conversion cycle by locally producing and delivering vehicles.
     While sales and delivery operations have paused in many areas of the world, we are still receiving many online orders, despite inability for our customers to experience the product prior to ordering.
     However, unavoidably, the extended shutdown in Fremont will have an impact on our near-term financial performance and we will need to work through how quickly we'll be able to ramp production to prior levels.
     More broadly, we remain focused on ensuring our cash flows are managed appropriately.
     Working capital management, in particular, raw material inventory is the single most important lever in managing our cash flows during this time.
     The Tesla team has done a great job here.
     We've also taken actions to eliminate or reduce non-critical expenses and optional investments while continuing to drive efficiencies throughout the business.
     Overall, we've modeled many scenarios into 2021 and remain comfortable that we have sufficient liquidity to proceed fully with our most important, long-term investments.
>>> It is important to note that Tesla remains an extremely agile and dynamic company, and this is aided by the substantial work we've done over the last year to improve our cost efficiency and productivity.
     And we have the ability to quickly adjust our spending and planning as required.
     So thank you again to the Tesla team for success in Q1, and we will turn to questions.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     So we'll take the first questions from institutional investors compiled by Safe Technologies.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

The first question from institutional investor is, most Tesla owners have yet to purchase or experience FSD, despite most vehicles having all the necessary hardware.
     What levers could you pull to accelerate adoption and deepen your data advantage?
     For example, could you consider offering FSD as a premium subscription?
     Elon Musk

I think we will offer Full Self-Driving as a subscription service, but it will be probably towards the end of this year.
     I should say, it will still make sense to buy FSD as an option as in our view, buying FSD is an investment in the future.
     And we are confident that it is investment that will pay off to the consumer -- to the benefit of the consumer.
     In my opinion, buying FSD option is something people will not regret doing.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Agree.
     And financially, rolling the upfront purchase of your -- of the FSD option into a loan in the vehicle or a lease is – will be the least expensive plan on a monthly basis to own, plus you preserve the option value of increased value of time.
-----
4. [Sentence #438] [UNCERTAIN]
     Thank you.
     Elon Musk

No.
     I think this is set right through with the Panasonic relationship.
     I mean, I have a great relationship with Panasonic's CEO.
     We meet regularly one on one and talk at the time.
     So, that relationship is strong.
     Just that he'd bring more of a broader and a global, strategic view to the Board.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     Let's go to the next question, please.
     Operator

Our next question will come from Gene Munster with Loup Ventures.
     Please go ahead.
     Gene Munster

Congratulations on the progress.
     Elon, you talked about full autonomy by the end of the year.
>>> I would love for you to walk through the rollout strategy of the Tesla Network app and how that's going to look prior to the robo taxi stage?
     Are you going to gradually take over human routes with autonomous capable routes over time?
     Or how do you see that playing out?
     Elon Musk

Well, it's pretty much going to play out as it has played out, which is, we'll release more and more functionality.
     Yes, before we release any functionality, it goes through extensive testing.
     First, we run it -- we have a simulations team that has, I think, a very good simulation of the real world.
     So we run any car changes through battery tests and simulation.
     Then we have a global QA team, which I'm on, actually.
     I'm one of -- on the global QA team.
     And we test the releases in the real world, the essence of real-world in a simulation, which is -- which are very many, because the world is very complex and where -- and then we release it to a small group of private beta testers within the company; then to a larger audience, including people outside the company; then to Early Access Tesla owners; and then finally, a broad release.
     And so there are many stages that these things go through.
     So, by the time something is being -- going to wide release into the U.S., it has gone through all of those stages.
     And the software that's at the very early stage is much more advanced than what people are seeing.
     So, just going to go through a very rigorous safety process.
-----

Total context windows: 4
