[TSLA_Q1_2023] model-y cost tesla 2020-2024

1. [Sentence #13] [PLAN]
     Actual events or results could differ materially due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those mentioned in our most recent filings with the SEC.
     During the question-and-answer portion of today’s call, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
     Please use the raise hand button to join the question queue.
     But before we jump into Q&A, Elon has some opening remarks.
     Elon?
     Elon Musk

Thank you, Martin.
     So just a Q1 recap.
>>> Model Y became the best-selling vehicle of any kind in Europe and the best-selling non-pickup vehicle in the United States.
     And this is in spite of a lot of challenges in production and delivery.
     So it's a huge credit to the Tesla team for achieving these great results.
     The -- it is worth pointing out that the current macro environment remains uncertain.
     I don't think I'm telling anyone anything, I think people already know, especially with large purchases such as cars.
     And while we reduced prices considerably in early Q1, it's worth noting that our operating margin remains among the best in the industry.
     We've taken a view that pushing for higher volumes and a larger fleet is the right choice here versus a lower volume and higher margin.
     However, we expect our vehicles, over time, will be able to generate significant profit through autonomy.
-----
2. [Sentence #309] [UNCERTAIN]
     So, I guess in which ways would you monetize it?
     Elon Musk

Sorry, the robotaxi terminology can be a bit confusing because that's sort of like a generic term for our next-generation vehicle.
     And we obviously are working on next-generation vehicle.
     That's going to be very compelling.
     This is just not the time to talk about it in details product.
     So, we internally call it robotaxi.
     But really, all of the vehicles that have Hardware 3, which is the vast majority of our fleet, we believe will achieve full autonomy.
>>> So, there will be a like a Model 3 or Model Y would be a robotaxi, a robotic taxi.
     So, yes, that's -- to the best of my knowledge that we believe the current hardware can achieve full autonomy.
     Emmanuel Rosner

Understood.
     And then maybe a question for Zach.
     Back on the automotive gross margins.
     So, I think, I guess, a few months ago, even after major price cuts, you felt pretty strongly that 20% automotive gross margin was still probably a reasonable floor.
     Obviously, the macro has gone worse and additional price cuts have happened.
     Is there anything else that has changed in terms of the outlook?
-----

Total context windows: 2
