[TSLA_Q4_2024] TESLA MODEL Y MINI YEARS 2024

1. [Sentence #14] [UNCERTAIN]
     Actual events or results could differ materially due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those mentioned in our most recent filings with the SEC.
     During the question-and-answer portion of today's call, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
     [Operator instructions] Before we jump into Q&A, Elon has some opening remarks.
     Elon?
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

Thank you.
     So, in summary, in Q4, we set record and delivered vehicles at an annualized rate of nearly 2 million a year.
     So, congratulations to the Tesla team on excellent work, achieving record production and deliveries.
>>> Model Y was the best-selling vehicle of any kind for 2024.
     Where to invest $1,000 right now
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen.
     After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,040% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 182% for the S&P 500.
     They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…

Learn more ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of July 21, 2025

That's worth noting.
     Not just the best electric vehicle, the best vehicle of any kind on Earth, No.
     1 was Model Y.
     We are staying focused on maximizing volumes and obviously doubling down -- I don't know what -- really, I was going to say doubling down in autonomy, but really, it's like autonomy is like 10x-ing frankly.
     Doubling is not even enough.
-----
2. [Sentence #177] [PLAN]
     Coming into the fourth quarter, our focus was to reduce inventory levels in the automotive business, and we accomplished that by ending the quarter with the lowest finished good inventory in the last two years.
     This was a result of offering not only attractive financing options but also other discounts and programs, which impacted ASPs.
     While we saw volume growth in almost all regions that we operate in, we hit a new record for deliveries in the Greater China market.
     This is an encouraging trend since we grew volume in a highly competitive BEV market.
     On the automotive margin front, we saw a quarter-over-quarter decline primarily due to lower ASPs than due to the recognition of FSD-related revenue in Q3 from feature releases.
     Our journey on cost reduction continues, and we were able to get our overall cost per car down below $35,000, driven primarily by material costs.
     This was despite increased depreciation and other costs as we prepare for the transition to the new Model Y, for which we recently started taking orders in all markets.
>>> All our factories will start producing the new Model Y next month.
     While we feel confident in our team's abilities to ramp production quickly, note that it is an unprecedented change, and we are not aware of anybody else taking the best-selling car on the planet and updating all factories at the same time.
     This changeover will result in several weeks of lost production in the quarter.
     As a result, margins will be impacted due to idle capacity and other ramp-related costs, as is common in any launch but will be overcome as production is ramped.
     We will be introducing several new products throughout 2025.
     We are still on track to launch a more affordable model in the first half of 2025 and will continue to expand our lineup from there.
     From a dollar-for-dollar basis, we believe we have the most compelling lineup today compared to the industry, and it will continue to get better from here.
     As always, all our products come with the best software in the industry, autonomy features and capable of full autonomy in the future.
-----
3. [Sentence #182] [PLAN]
     Our journey on cost reduction continues, and we were able to get our overall cost per car down below $35,000, driven primarily by material costs.
     This was despite increased depreciation and other costs as we prepare for the transition to the new Model Y, for which we recently started taking orders in all markets.
     All our factories will start producing the new Model Y next month.
     While we feel confident in our team's abilities to ramp production quickly, note that it is an unprecedented change, and we are not aware of anybody else taking the best-selling car on the planet and updating all factories at the same time.
     This changeover will result in several weeks of lost production in the quarter.
     As a result, margins will be impacted due to idle capacity and other ramp-related costs, as is common in any launch but will be overcome as production is ramped.
     We will be introducing several new products throughout 2025.
>>> We are still on track to launch a more affordable model in the first half of 2025 and will continue to expand our lineup from there.
     From a dollar-for-dollar basis, we believe we have the most compelling lineup today compared to the industry, and it will continue to get better from here.
     As always, all our products come with the best software in the industry, autonomy features and capable of full autonomy in the future.
     And despite the premium experience, the total cost of ownership is close to market, less premium competitors.
     Energy storage deployments reached an all-time high in Q4, and this resulted in -- but declined sequentially.
     This was a result of higher -- sorry, growth came from Megapack and Powerwall.
     Both businesses continue to be supply constrained, and like Elon mentioned, we're trying to ramp up production with Megafactory Shanghai coming online this quarter onwards.
     While quarterly deployments will likely continue to fluctuate sequentially, we expect at least 50% growth in deployments year over year in 2025.
-----

Total context windows: 3
