[TSLA_Q1_2022] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #65] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     I think, we actually have a reasonable shot at a 60% increase over last year.
     So, let’s see.
     Obviously, we ramped production, as you will know, with Giga Berlin and Giga Texas in the past few months.
     So, with two fantastic factories with great teams, and they are ramping rapidly.
     Now, with new factories, the initial ramp always looks small, but it grows exponentially.
     So, I have very high confidence in the teams of both factories.
     And we expect to ramp those initially slowly, but like I said, growing exponentially with them achieving high volume by the end of this year.
     So, we’re also working on a new vehicle that I alluded to at the Giga Texas opening, which is a dedicated robotaxi.
     That’s highly optimized for autonomy, meaning it would not have steering wheel or pedals.
     And there are a number of other innovations around it that I think are quite exciting.
     That is fundamentally optimized for -- trying to achieve the lowest fully considered cost per mile or cost per kilometer, accounting everything.
     And so, it’s, I think, going to be a very powerful product where we aspire to reach volume production of that in 2024.
     So, I think that really will be a massive driver of Tesla’s growth.
>>> And we remain on track to reach volume production of the Cybertruck next year.
     So, it’s basically -- once again, I’d like to thank the Tesla employees for their hard work, but also I’d like to thank our suppliers who’ve really gone the extra mile.
     They -- we have an amazing supplier group, and I want say heartfelt thanks to the suppliers that have really worked day and night to ensure that Tesla is able to keep the factories running.
     And we’re really at the early stage of that journey.
     We only crossed 1 million units in the past 12 months recently.
     And we are -- we aspire to head to 20 million units a year.
     So, we’re basically 5% along the way towards our goal.
     And we are growing very, very rapidly year-over-year.
     And we remain confident of exceeding 50% annual growth for the foreseeable future for basically several of the next years, I mean, so yes.
     And then, there’s, of course, Optimus, which I was surprised that people did not realize the magnitude of the Optimus robot program.
     The importance of Optimus will become apparent in coming years.
     Those who are insightful or listen carefully will understand that Optimus ultimately will be worth more than the car business, worth more than FSD.
     That’s my firm belief.
     So -- and then, of course, insurance is growing well.
-----
2. [Sentence #407] [UNCERTAIN]
     I mean, Zach, I don’t know -- I realize that’s problem, that’s for sure.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

The way we’ve been -- I think we have to take this one step at a time.
     And so, we have investments that are happening right now to get Austin and Berlin up and running.
     And then, as Elon mentioned, installing capacity for robotaxi production.
     And there are some decisions that, as Elon alluded to, just to share in the future about what the economic model looks like -- what the economic model looks like for robotaxi.
     And so, the way Elon and I have discussed this is [Technical Difficulty]

Elon Musk

Maybe just everyone [Technical Difficulty]

Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes.
     So, our focus is to get to the point where robotaxis are on the road, Optimus is in use, get the economic model for that dialed in, and then evaluate the size of cash flows at that point and make decisions then as to what’s next.
     Martin Viecha

Pierre, do you have a follow-up question?
     Pierre Ferragu

[Technical Difficulty]

Martin Viecha

All right.
     Let’s go to the next one.
     The next question comes from Trip Chowdhry from Global Equity Research.
     Trip Chowdhry

Thank you.
     Two questions I have.
>>> First is regarding the Cybertruck.
     And I was wondering like in terms of number of parts, how would Cybertruck compare with the traditional pickup truck in terms of number of parts?
     The second question I have is on Gigafactory Nevada, Sparks.
     Will we have any production of vehicles in that factory, or all the future production will happen in Giga Austin?
     Thank you.
     Elon Musk

I’m not sure if we’ve actually done a comparison of Cybertruck parts versus regular truck parts.
     I mean, Lars?
     Lars Moravy

Yes.
     I mean, if you want to go down the like -- it depends on what kind of part.
     We still have cells in [Technical Difficulty]

Elon Musk

Mention count.
     Lars Moravy

If we don’t count that, like the simplicity of our structure is significant versus a traditional pickup truck or any other vehicle, like as we’ve talked about their gigacastings, we save hundreds of parts there.
     Elon Musk

I mean, the entire rear -- kind of half of the car is one cast.
     Lars Moravy

So, with the Cybertruck and the doors, for example, we have an exoskeleton design where the door is ready to take and it takes all the long-term impact.
     So, we really have -- like we don’t have the door reinforcements.
-----

Total context windows: 2
