[PM_Q2_2025_transcript [Transcript]] Nicotine pouch; Nicotine lozenge; Nicotine gum; Moist snuff; Dry snuff; Chewing tobacco; Snus; Heated tobacco; Dissolvable tobacco; Oral nicotine; Tobacco-free pouch; Herbal chew; Tobacco pellet; Nicotine stick; Nicotine disc; Compressed tablet; Oral dissolvable; Nicotine sachet; Tobacco plug; Plug chew; Twist chew; Loose leaf; smokeless

1. [Sentence #156] [PILOT]
     This factors in the good news that retail availability is now approaching normalized level with the lower scarcity premium in retail prices narrowing the price gap to competition.
     Importantly, sales velocity are accelerating and with 36% of the growth in June.
     This bodes well for the second half of the year.
     With shipments now primarily driven by consumer offtake, we expect a broadly similar level of shipment in Q3 as in Q2, factoring in the possibility of a few days adjustment to wholesaler and distributor inventory as the situation fully normalize.
     We continue to target full year U.S. shipment of 800 million to 840 million cans, including a sequential step-up in Q4.
     With our U.S. production capacity increase ahead of plan and now well-set for this year and beyond, we are incredibly excited to drive in and the overall nicotine pouch category to its full potential over the coming years.
     Having covered Europe, Japan and the U.S. in some detail, let's look at the rest of the world.
>>> In most markets, both the nicotine pouch category and our multi-category presence are nascent.
     Both ZYN and VEEV will leverage on the strength of IQOS where Q2 adjusted in-market sales accelerated to plus 19.3% growth with broad-based progress, including Egypt, the Philippines and Indonesia.
     While pouch and e-vapor volumes are naturally very small across this market at this stage, we can measure their Q2 growth in multiple rather than percentages.
     This impressive IQOS growth is exemplified by offtake share gains in global key cities.
     Strong presence in South Korea and Malaysia, is more than matched by key city in Mexico, Serbia, the Middle East and North Africa.
     Global Travel Retail, where multicategory is increasingly prominent also continues to grow strongly.
     The world's largest cigarette market by volume outside China is Indonesia, where Jakarta offtake share grew by plus 2.5 points year-on-year to 7.5%.
     Following promising results from the pilot launch of our full flavor heat-not-burn technology BONDS, which is tailored to local kretek taste preferences, we have recently commenced a broader rollout.
-----
2. [Sentence #22] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     Emmanuel Babeau

Thank you, James, and welcome, everyone.
     We delivered an excellent set of H1 results following another very strong performance in the second quarter of 2025.
     Top line dynamism from our smoke-free portfolio, which a record $4 billion in net revenues, coupled with margin improvements across our business, drove strong double-digit adjusted diluted earnings per share growth in both constant currency and dollar terms.
     The multi-category momentum of our smoke-free business accelerated with the Q2 step-up in offtake growth for IQOS, ZYN and VEEV.
     As expected, IQOS delivered another strong performance with heated tobacco unit adjusted in-market sales growth accelerating to plus 11.4% in Q2.
     This reflects broad-based growth both globally and in Europe, as markets such as Italy past the transitory disruption of the characterizing flavor ban.
     ZYN confirm its upward trajectory with a significant acceleration in U.S. consumer offtake growth to plus 26% for Q2 and plus 36% in June as in-store availability improved.
>>> Internationally, Q2 nicotine pouch volumes increased plus 65% and almost tripled outside the Nordics.
     In e-vapor, VEEV continued its remarkable trajectory with shipments more than doubling year-on-year, driving further gross margin expansion.
     For combustibles, despite an expected return to modest volume declines, our business delivered robust top and bottom line performance, reflecting its resilient model, led by strong pricing.
     We continue to generate best-in-class growth across the P&L with high single-digit organic H1 top line growth and mid-teens adjusted OI growth to reach a margin of over 41%.
     This high-quality performance reflects the increasing profitability of our three smoke- free categories at scale, operating leverage and efficiencies combined.
     These results provide an excellent platform for another year of superior growth.
     We expect strong smoke-free momentum to continue in H2, while we factor in the exceptional H2 prior year comparison, notably on growing combustible volumes and certain timing factors.
     With strong business fundamentals and a slightly more favorable expected tax rate, we are raising our adjusted diluted EPS full year forecast to plus 13% to plus 15% growth or plus 11.5% to plus 13.5%, excluding currency.
-----

Total context windows: 2
