[TSLA_Q2_2022] Did Tesla achieve its multi-year goal of ramping global Model 3 deliveries from 2019 to 2020 across North America, Europe, and China?

1. [Sentence #111] [PLAN]
     And finally, despite losing more builds in Q3 than expected, we are still pushing to reach 50% growth this year.
     This target has become more difficult, but it remains possible with strong execution and as Elon mentioned, no more force majeure events for the balance of the year.
     Elon Musk

Yes, a lot of force majeure in the last several years, that’s for sure.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Thank you.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     And now let’s go to the questions from investors.
     And the first question is, Chinese EV manufacturers seem to be doing a better job than their Western competitors, excluding Tesla, at innovating in software and design.
>>> How can Tesla make sure the company is staying ahead of those manufacturers, both within China and outside of China?
     Elon Musk

Well, the – right now, the best Chinese EV manufacturer is Tesla [train] (ph).
     We are actually doing the best, thanks to our incredible team in China.
     But I have a lot of respect for the Chinese, our manufacturers and EV manufacturers in particular.
     I think they will be a force to be reckoned with worldwide.
     They are very – they are smart and they are hardworking.
     And I think anyone who is not – any company that’s not as competitive as them will obviously suffer a market share decline.
     So obviously, we have a lot of respect for the current companies in China and then their capabilities, yes.
-----
2. [Sentence #57] [PLAN]
     And there is also an over-the-air update, so this is something that will be in place in all cars that have at least AP3 hardware.
     In conclusion, we exited Q2 with a strong production rate than ever before.
     Our team continues to focus on Cybertruck production readiness and some future platform design.
     We are expecting to be – still expecting to be in production with the Cybertruck in the middle of next year.
     And we are very, very excited about that product.
     I think it might actually be our best product ever.
     Let’s see.
>>> And FSD beta is on track to be released for all of North American customers before the end of this year.
     And hopefully, if we get regulatory approval, we will also be releasing it hopefully in Europe and some other parts of the world.
     We are hosting our AI Day in a few months.
     I think people will be amazed at what we are able to show off in AI Day.
     So basically, there is a tremendous amount to look forward to in the second half of this year.
     And I want to thank all of our employees and suppliers for their super hard work during these challenging times.
     Super appreciate it.
     Thank you.
-----

Total context windows: 2
