[TSLA_Q2_2024] Did Tesla maintain positive free cash flow and GAAP profitability from 2023 through 2024, as it promised after its first full profitable year?

1. [Sentence #94] [PLAN]
     Moving on to the other parts of the business, service and other gross profits also improved sequentially from the improvement in service utilization and growth in our collision repair business.
     The impact of our recent reorg is reflected in restructuring other - on the income statement.
     Just to level set, this was about $622 million of charge, which got recorded in the period.
     And I want people to remember that we've called it out separately on the financials.
     Sequentially, our operating expenses excluding surcharges reduced despite an increase in spend for AI-related activities and higher legal and other costs.
     On the CapEx front, while we saw a sequential decline in Q2, we still expect the year to be over $10 billion in CapEx as we increase our spend to bring a 50k GPU cluster online.
     This new cluster will immensely increase our capabilities to scale FSD and other AI initiatives.
>>> We reverted to positive free cash flow of $1.3 billion in Q2.
     This was despite restructuring payments being made in the quarter and we ended the quarter with over $30 billion of cash and investments.
     Once again, we've begun the journey towards the next phase for the company with the building blocks being placed.
     It will take some time, but will be a rewarding experience for everyone involved.
     Once again, I would like to thank the entire Tesla team for their efforts.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Travis Axelrod

Great.
     Thank you very much, Vaibhav.
     Now let's go to investor questions.
-----
2. [Sentence #17] [UNCERTAIN]
     Elon?
     Elon Musk

Thank you.
     So to recap, we saw large adoption exploration in EVs, and then a bit of a hangover as others struggle to make compelling EVs.
     So there are quite a few competing electric vehicles that have entered the market.
     And mostly they’ve not done well, but they’ve discounted their EVs very substantially, which has made it a bit more difficult for Tesla.
     We don’t see this as long-term issue, but really -- fairly short-term.
     And we still obviously firmly believe that EVs are best for customers and that the world is headed for a fully electrified transport, not just the cars, but also aircrafts and boats.
>>> Despite many challenges the Tesla team did a great job executing and we did achieve record quarterly revenues.
     Energy storage deployments reached an all-time high in Q2, leading to record profits for the energy business.
     And we are investing in many future projects, including AI training and inference and great deal of infrastructure to support future products.
     We won't get too much into the product roadmap here, because that is reserved for product announcement events.
     But we are on track to deliver a more affordable model in the first half of next year.
     The big -- really by far the biggest differentiator for Tesla is autonomy.
     In addition to that, we've scale economies and we're the most efficient electric vehicle producer in the world.
     So, this, anyway -- while others are pursuing different parts of the AI robotic stack, we are pursuing all of them.
-----

Total context windows: 2
