[Year 2021] Between 2020 and 2024, did Tesla meet its guidance for year-over-year revenue growth and operating leverage improvement?

1. [Sentence #1717, TSLA_Q4_2021] [PLAN]
     We continue to drive for vehicle volume growth at or above 50%, as Elon mentioned, and our plans show that this is actually achievable with just our Fremont and Shanghai factories.
     For quite some time now, these factories have been running below capacity due to macro challenges with supply and logistics.
     As Elon mentioned as well, from what we're seeing, the pace of growth in 2022 will again be determined by supply chain and logistics, which is quite difficult for us to forecast.
     Despite these constraints, it's important to begin the ramp of Austin and Berlin to ensure that we are prepared once limitations ease, enabling us to increase total output more quickly in the future.
     This will result in higher fixed and semi-variable costs in the near term, in addition to the usual inefficiencies as we ramp a new factory.
     We are also seeing inflation and rising commodity prices, which we expect to continue to put pressure on our costs.
     How this specifically impacts gross margins in the near term is uncertain, given a mix of both tailwinds and headwinds.
>>> However, we do expect to continue to see stronger operating margins as we grow our volumes and improve operating leverage.
     Over a longer-term horizon, we are quite optimistic about the expansion of margins, though.
     From the hardware side, we are aggressively driving manufacturing innovations and operational efficiency to reduce cost.
     And with the rapid development of FSD, software-based profits will ultimately become a strong addition to the profits generated by selling hardware.
     So congratulations to the Tesla team for a terrific 2021, and thank you to our suppliers who supported us.
     Looking forward to another great year.
     Elon Musk

I'd like to just second the thank you to suppliers.
     A lot of suppliers worked late nights, weekends, vacations around the world, and we're very grateful for that.
-----
2. [Sentence #1409, TSLA_Q3_2021] [PLAN]
     And then logistics and expedite costs just continue to be a part of our story here and it's uncertain how that will unfold.
     It's our hope that these things stabilize.
     Exactly when that happens is difficult to predict.
     And we have been adjusting pricing in line with those changes in cost.
     And so, we'll see how that unfolds over the course of the next year.
     So, it's difficult on gross margin to say where that will go for those reasons.
     With respect to operating margin, we've been very focused as a Company on managing our overhead expenses and operating expenses.
>>> And operating expenses as a percentage of revenue has been declining and I expect that trend to continue to happen.
     And I think the net of all of this is hopefully that we continue to make progress on operating margin over the next 4 of 5 quarters.
     As we think forward, the business up until this point is kind of largely been a hardware automotive business with a little bit of software on top of that.
     As full self-driving matures, as take rates increase, if we are to raise pricing on that, there's considerable upside both on gross margins and operating margin as that comes to light, as the business starts to become more of a mix of a hardware-based Company and a software-based Company.
     So, we feel optimistic about the journey -- very optimistic about the journey as we look over into the long term, just a little bit difficult over the next 4 to 5 quarters.
     And we'll continue to update on earnings calls as we learn more information.
     There's just a lot of uncertainty in the world right now.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you, Joe, do you have a follow-up question?
-----
3. [Sentence #1874, TSLA_Q4_2021] [PLAN]
     There's -- you can make something infinitely desirable.
     But if it's not affordable, that will constrain people's ability to buy it because they don't have the money.
     I worry more about like how do we the Cybertruck affordable despite having awesome technology.
     That's the thing that will really set the rate.
     Aspirationally, we'd like it to go, in terms of just a rough order of magnitude, we'd like Cybertruck to be at least on the order of [indiscernible] vehicles a year.
     But it will take us a moment to get to that level.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
>>> The next question is, how much of Tesla's margin improvement is from, number one, economies of scale; number two, production design -- production line design efficiencies; number three, reduced transportation costs from multiple plant locations; and number four, pricing versus cost inflation; or number five, other sources?
     And how much further could margins improve and why?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes.
     Basically -- yes, there's basically four major factors if we look over the last year to the margin improvement in the Company.
     And they're in no particular order here but these are the big ones.
     So, our mix of Model Y is increasing as we've ramped that to higher capacity in Fremont and also in Shanghai.
     And the reason that matters is the Model Y is a vehicle that carries a higher profit than the Model 3.
     And so that is helpful on our margins.
-----
4. [Sentence #103, TSLA_Q1_2021] [PLAN]
     This is in spite of the costs mentioned for SNX and expedites and a reduction in global ASPs as our cost structure as a company is reducing at an even faster pace.
     So as we look out over the course of the year, we feel optimistic about our gross margin strength, particularly as some of these headwinds we are experiencing start to be resolved.
     On Services and other margins, these have recovered and are trending towards profitability, aided by strength in the used car business, operational improvements in service and additional service revenue opportunities that help absorb fixed overheads.
     On energy gross margins, these remained negative for a second quarter.
     This was driven by Solar Roof-related ramp costs and winter seasonality in the lease BPA business.
     We continue to manage through a multi-quarter backlog on Powerwall.
     We are working as fast as we can to increase production and this will aid in profitability of this business as those volumes increase.
>>> On operating expenses, these increased for Q1, which was driven by our investments in technology and growth.
     In particular for R&D, this includes the structural battery pack and 4680 cells, investments in the new SNX, and our neural net and silicon investments.
     On the SG&A side, we are setting up infrastructure and support for both China and EMEA in anticipation of volume to come there.
     And as I have said before, our plans show that we remain on track for sustained industry-leading operating margins.
     Double clicking on cash flows, we continue to generate positive free cash flows and this was despite the significant working capital headwinds from SNX.
     Additionally, we are making progress reducing various forms of debt.
     We also invested $1.5 billion in Bitcoin during the quarter, then trimmed our position by 10%, which contributed to a small gain in our Q1 financials.
     Taking a step back, we have generated $8 billion in operating cash flows and $4 billion in free cash flows over the past four quarters.
-----

Total context windows: 4
