[TSLA_Q4_2020] Between 2020 and 2024, did Tesla meet its guidance for year-over-year revenue growth and operating leverage improvement?

1. [Sentence #302] [PLAN]
     And you can't grow faster than that.
     Now at Tesla, we've improved the efficiency of cars dramatically, such that you can actually get a pretty good range even with the standard range battery pack.
     It's in the high -- it's approaching -- for Model 3, it's approaching the high 200s.
     And some slight continued improvements, we'll start to get to a 300-mile range even with standard pack and an order 500 kilometers.
     So there's efficiency improvements in the car.
     But fundamentally, the growth is dependent on cell production.
     And there's, obviously, a lot of other companies that want to -- that have a need for sales.
>>> So -- but the reason Tesla is doing its own cell production is in order to accelerate the growth.
     It is not to make less use of our cell suppliers.
     In fact, I want to be really clear, Tesla wants to increase purchases from cell suppliers.
     And we've been very clear with our cell suppliers, whether it be CATL or Panasonic or LG that we will take as many batteries as they can produce.
     So -- and we urge them to increase their production, and we will buy as much as they can send to us.
     Obviously, there are some price limits on that because the car still needs to be affordable.
     But I'm just trying to be as clear as possible that our goal with making our own cells is not to disintermediate our suppliers.
     It is to supplement our suppliers.
-----
2. [Sentence #76] [PLAN]
     And I think there is a way, just with back of the envelop math, to potentially justify it, where -- if Tesla's ships, let's say, hypothetically, $50 billion or $60 billion worth of vehicles, and those vehicles become Full Self-Driving and can be used in robotaxis -- used as robotaxis, the utility increases from an average of 12 hours a week to potentially an average of 60 hours a week, if they're capable of serving as robotaxi.
     So that's like roughly a 5x increase in utility.
     But let's -- even if you say like, okay, let's just assume that the car becomes twice as useful as -- not 5x as useful, but merely twice as useful, that would be a doubling again of the revenue of the company, which is almost entirely gross margin.
     So it would mean, it would be like if you made $50 million -- $50 billion worth of cars, it will be like having $50 billion of incremental profit basically from that because it's just software.
     So -- [indiscernible] on that, it's like $1 trillion and the company is still in high-growth mode.
     So I think there is a way to sort of like justify the valuation of the company where it is using just the cars and nothing else, the cars with FSD.
     And I suspect at least some number of investors are taking that approach.
>>> So in conclusion, while 2020 was a turning point for Tesla and in terms of profitability, we believe this is just the beginning.
     We think 2021 is going to be even more exciting.
     And you don't know what to expect in a given year.
     Obviously, last year, we did not 0 many things we do not expect.
     But assuming that '21 is a relatively normal year from an external standpoint I think it's going to be a great year for Tesla.
     We've got a ton of -- many great new products coming out.
     We've got factories that are -- advanced factories [indiscernible] set up production.
     It will also make it easier having a factory in Berlin, one, in Texas second, just from a logistics standpoint.
-----
3. [Sentence #312] [PLAN]
     And we've been very clear with our cell suppliers, whether it be CATL or Panasonic or LG that we will take as many batteries as they can produce.
     So -- and we urge them to increase their production, and we will buy as much as they can send to us.
     Obviously, there are some price limits on that because the car still needs to be affordable.
     But I'm just trying to be as clear as possible that our goal with making our own cells is not to disintermediate our suppliers.
     It is to supplement our suppliers.
     And we went to our suppliers of cells to increase their production, and in addition have our production that is simply taking up the amount beyond, which they are either unable or unwilling to increase their production.
     So it's an acceleration over and above the most that our suppliers say they can produce for us.
>>> And so we -- since the cell output drives vehicle output, the – and then – I mean probably the Roadster value of Tesla is just what's the cell output that implies vehicle output, and then at least double that for autonomy revenue probably one level.
     And that's how you figure out the value of the company, I think, long term.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     The next question is about 4680 cells which we already covered in the retail section of this call.
     So let's go straight to the last question from institutional investors, which is, where are you in Cybertruck development?
     What are your expectations for Cybertruck deliveries in 2021?
     Elon Musk

All right.
     So we finished almost all of the Cybertrack engineering.
-----

Total context windows: 3
