[TSLA_Q4_2022] tell me about the cost of producing  a cybertruck for tesla from 2021-2022

1. [Sentence #90] [PLAN]
     But we are attacking every other area of cost and unwinding cost increases created for multiple years of COVID-related instability.
     This includes logistics, expedites, accumulation of material buffers, part premiums, productivity and overheads as an example.
     As the world transitions from an inflationary to deflationary environment, we expect a strong partnership with our suppliers on this journey as well.
     In that, we've priced our products with a view towards a longer-term cost structure.
     Thus, there will be an impact on operating margin in the near term.
     However, we believe our margins will remain healthy and industry-leading over the course of the year.
     Third, we are continuing to ensure funding is prioritized for our long-term road map.
>>> This includes expanding in-house cell production, bringing Cybertruck to market, development of our next-generation vehicle platform, expansion of our manufacturing footprint and growth of the energy business.
     We're looking forward to discussing these plans in more detail on our Investor Day in a month.
     Thank you.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much, Zach.
     Let's now go to investor questions.
     The first question is, some analysts are claiming that Tesla orders, net of cancellations, came in at a rate less than half of production in the fourth quarter.
     This has raised demand concerns.
     Can you elaborate on order trends so far this year and how they compare to current production rates?
-----
2. [Sentence #231] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     And we're making just to emphasize another key point, because some of these points might be like, so I apologize for being repetitive.
     But it's remarkable how small changes in design of the bumper and improving -- obviously improving the logistics of spare part or providing spare parts needed for collision repair, have an enormous effect on the repair cost.
     So, if you're waiting for a part to get repaired and that part takes a month, now you've got a month of having to rent another car.
     It's extremely expensive.
     And of course, you're missing the car that you love and the one you actually want to drive.
     So, this has actually a very significant effect on total cost of ownership and customer happiness.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
>>> The next question from investors is, is Cybertruck production still on track for mid-year?
     Elon Musk

We do expect production to start, I don't know, maybe sometime this summer.
     But, I always like credit downplay at the start of production, because the start of production is always very slow.
     It increases exponentially, but it's always very slow at first.
     So I wouldn't put too much stock in start of production.
     It's kind of when does volume production actually happen, and that's next year.
     Andrew Baglino

Thank you.
     That's great Elon.
-----
3. [Sentence #174] [PLAN]
     And when do you expect to scale to 10,000 vehicles a year -- a week?
     Andrew Baglino

Yeah.
     Thanks, Martin.
     First, I just want to say congrats and thanks to the Tesla 4680 team for achieving 1,000 a week in Q4.
     It was no small feat.
     Definitely a result of more than a couple of years of hard work.
     As far as where we stand in Texas, one of four lines are in production, with the remaining three in stages of commissioning and install.
>>> Really, our 2023 goal as a 4680 team is to deliver a cost-effective ramp of 4680s well ahead of Cybertruck.
     Focus areas are dialing in and improving the quality of the high-volume supply mechanical parts and driving factory process yields up as much as possible.
     Between two of those things, if we had achieved those key goals, we'll be well set up to -- for a major 4680 year in 2024.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     Next investor question is Elon said previously that FSD Hardware 4 will most likely come first in Cybertruck.
     Is that still the current plan?
     Do you expect there to be an upgrade path for Hardware 3 cars to Hardware 4?
     Elon Musk

Yes, Cybertruck will have Hardware 4.
-----

Total context windows: 3
