[Year 2020] Tell me about Tesla cybertruck production from 2019-2020

1. [Sentence #564, TSLA_Q2_2020] [PLAN]
     It's right on the Colorado River.
     So we're actually going to have a boardwalk where there'll a hiking and biking trail.
     It's going to basically be an ecological paradise.
     Birds in the trees, butterfly, fish in the stream, and they will be open to the public as well.
     So not closed and only Tesla.
     So if anyone is interested in looking at Giga Texas, with engineering, production, whatever the case may be, please let us know.
     This is -- we're going to be doing a major factory there.
>>> And it's also where we'll be doing Cybertruck there, the Tesla Semi.
     And we'll be doing Model 3 and Y for the eastern half of North America.
     Now at the same time, I want to say, we will continue to grow in California.
     But we expect California to do Model S and X for worldwide consumption and 3 and Y for the western half of North America.
     And then we think probably also the Tesla Roadster, a future program, would also make sense in California.
     So I think this is a nice split between Texas and California.
     And just to emphasize, we'll continue to grow in California, but we'll be creating a massive factory and Cybertruck and Semi programs in Texas.
     And I also want to just do a shout out to Tulsa, and just say thank you very much to the Tulsa team, the economic development team and the governor, really, I was super impressed.
-----
2. [Sentence #853, TSLA_Q2_2020] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     That's the real limit.
     So that's why we're going to talk about a lot more about this on Battery Day because this is a fundamental scaling constraint.
     And any part of that supply chain or pricing at the cell level will be the limiting factor.
     So whatever maybe an error from mining to refining, those many steps that are refining to cathode and analog formation, cell formation, whatever the truck point is, that will set the growth rate.
     And so we expect to expand our business with Panasonic, with CATL, with LG, possibly with others.
     And there's a lot more to say on that front on Battery Day.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
>>> And the second question is, now that it's time to bring the Tesla Semi to volume production, can you share more detail on production plans?
     What weekly production rate is considered volume production?
     And when does Tesla expect to reach that rate?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes.
     So we'll start production next year, as we announced it before.
     I'm personally very excited about the project.
     I can't wait.
     We do have a few trucks that keep driving around and like keep delivering cars.
-----
3. [Sentence #2100, TSLA_Q4_2020] [PLAN]
     And we went to our suppliers of cells to increase their production, and in addition have our production that is simply taking up the amount beyond, which they are either unable or unwilling to increase their production.
     So it's an acceleration over and above the most that our suppliers say they can produce for us.
     And so we -- since the cell output drives vehicle output, the – and then – I mean probably the Roadster value of Tesla is just what's the cell output that implies vehicle output, and then at least double that for autonomy revenue probably one level.
     And that's how you figure out the value of the company, I think, long term.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     The next question is about 4680 cells which we already covered in the retail section of this call.
     So let's go straight to the last question from institutional investors, which is, where are you in Cybertruck development?
>>> What are your expectations for Cybertruck deliveries in 2021?
     Elon Musk

All right.
     So we finished almost all of the Cybertrack engineering.
     So we're no longer iterating at the design center level or design level.
     We've got the designs fixed.
     We're getting to – we'll soon order the equipment necessary to make the Cybertruck work.
     We're actually going to be using even bigger Tesla machines for the rear body of Cybertruck because you've got – obviously, it's a bigger vehicle and you've got a long truck bed that's going to a lot of load.
     So we'll be using an 8,000 ton casting press for the rear body casting, as opposed to 6,000 tons for Model Y.
-----
4. [Sentence #2106, TSLA_Q4_2020] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     So let's go straight to the last question from institutional investors, which is, where are you in Cybertruck development?
     What are your expectations for Cybertruck deliveries in 2021?
     Elon Musk

All right.
     So we finished almost all of the Cybertrack engineering.
     So we're no longer iterating at the design center level or design level.
     We've got the designs fixed.
     We're getting to – we'll soon order the equipment necessary to make the Cybertruck work.
>>> We're actually going to be using even bigger Tesla machines for the rear body of Cybertruck because you've got – obviously, it's a bigger vehicle and you've got a long truck bed that's going to a lot of load.
     So we'll be using an 8,000 ton casting press for the rear body casting, as opposed to 6,000 tons for Model Y.
     So 6,000 tons was the biggest cast in the world.
     8,000 tons, quite a bit bigger than that.
     And I think it's going to be incredible vehicle.
     If we get lucky, we'll be able to do a few deliveries towards the end of this year, but I expect volume production to be in 2022.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     And now we can start with questions in the queue.
-----

Total context windows: 4
