[AMZN_Q2_2022] fulfillment capacity; AWS growth

1. [Sentence #80] [PLAN]
     AWS operating income was $5.7 billion in Q2.
     As a reminder, this includes a portion of our seasonal Q2 step-up in stock-based compensation expense.
     AWS results include a greater mix of these costs, reflecting wage inflation in high demand areas, including engineers and other tech workers as well as increasing technology infrastructure investment to support long-term growth.
     Now let's talk about capital investments.
     As usual, we will discuss the combination of CapEx plus equipment finance leases.
     In 2021, we incurred approximately $60 billion in capital investments.
     About 40% of that is comprised of technology infrastructure, primarily supporting AWS as well as our worldwide stores business.
>>> Another 30% of the $60 billion was fulfillment capacity and a little less than 25% was for transportation, remaining 5% was comprised of things like corporate space and physical stores.
     For full-year 2022, we do expect to spend slightly more on capital investments than last year, but the proportion of capital spending shifts among our businesses.
     We expect technology infrastructure spend to grow year-over-year, primarily to support the rapid growth in innovation we are seeing with AWS.
     We expect infrastructure to represent a bit more than half of our total capital investments in 2022.
     For the worldwide stores business, we've continued to moderate our build expectations to better align with customer demand.
     We expect the fulfillment and transportation dollars spent on capital projects to be lower in 2022 versus the prior year.
     Finally, I'd highlight a few additional items.
     We reported an overall net loss of $2 billion in the second quarter, while we primarily focus our comments on operating income, I point out that this net loss includes a pretax valuation loss of $3.9 billion, which is included in non-operating expense from our common stock investment in Rivian Automotive.
-----
2. [Sentence #99] [PLAN]
     Again, a reminder that this year, our Prime Day sales event occurred on July 12th and 13th, and is incorporated into our third quarter guidance.
     Prime Day occurred in Q2 in 2021.
     For revenue, note that our guidance includes an estimated approximately 390 basis points of unfavorable impact from year-over-year change in foreign exchange rates.
     The estimated FX impact to operating income is not significant.
     Our third quarter operating income guidance range is zero to $3.5 billion.
     This compares to Q2 operating income of $3.3 billion.
     This third quarter guidance assumes, we see approximately $1.5 billion in quarter-over-quarter sequential cost improvement in our fulfillment network operations, which we expect will be largely offset by investments in AWS and additional digital content for Prime members.
>>> For AWS, this quarter-over-quarter increases are primarily driven by higher infrastructure investments to support continued strong customer growth, including larger depreciation on a growing fixed asset base.
     We also expect increased energy costs as we continue to see volatility in utility prices around the world and operating our AWS data centers.
     Quarter-over-quarter increase in digital content primarily relates to new Prime Video content in Q3, including Thursday Night Football and The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power.
     Thank you.
     And now let's move on to your questions.
     Question-and-Answer Session

Operator

At this time, we'll now open the call up for questions.
     [Operator Instructions] Thank you.
     Our first question comes from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.
-----

Total context windows: 2
