[TSLA_Q4_2023] Between 2023 and 2024, did Tesla meet its guidance for year-over-year revenue growth and operating leverage improvement?

1. [Sentence #38] [PLAN]
     So tremendous year-over-year growth, triple-digits.
     And yeah, I think we'll continue to see very strong growth in storage, as predicted.
     I said for many years that the storage business would grow much faster than the car business, and it is doing that.
     Free cash flow remains strong at $4.4 billion in 2023, in spite of record spending on future projects.
     So we had record CapEx expenses as well as record R&D.
     This brings us to 2024.
     There's a lot to look forward to in 2024.
>>> Tesla is currently between two major growth waves.
     We're focused on making sure that our next growth wave, driven by next-gen vehicle, energy storage, full self-driving, other projects, is executed as well as possible.
     For full self-driving, we've released Version 12, which is a complete architectural rewrite compared to prior versions.
     This is end-to-end artificial intelligence.
     So another bit nets basically photons in and controls out, and it really is quite a profound difference.
     This is currently just with employees and a few customers, but we will be rolling out to all customers in the U.S. who request full self-driving in the weeks to come.
     That's over 400,000 vehicles in North America.
     So this is the first-time AI is being used, not just for object perception, but for path planning and vehicle controls.
-----
2. [Sentence #12] [PLAN]
     These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today.
     Actual events or results could differ materially due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those mentioned in our most recent filings with the SEC.
     During the question-and-answer portion of today's call, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
     Please use the raise hand button to join the question queue.
     But before we jump into Q&A, Elon has some opening remarks.
     Elon?
     Elon Musk

Thank you.
>>> So the Tesla team did an incredible job in 2023.
     We achieved record production and deliveries of over 1.8 million vehicles in line with our official guidance.
     And in Q4, we were producing vehicles at an annualized run rate of almost 2 million cars a year.
     This is really a phenomenal achievement.
     Looking at just the Fremont factory alone, we made 560,000 cars.
     This is a record.
     In fact, it's the highest output of automotive plants in North America.
     And people are often surprised that the highest output factory, car factory in North America is in the San Francisco Bay area.
-----
3. [Sentence #445] [UNCERTAIN]
     Elon Musk

Same thing with Battery Day.
     So we have to be a little cautious about revealing the exact recipe of the secret sauce.
     But I think some kind of update would be good to do.
     I'll talk it over with the team, and yeah, I think we might do something later this year.
     Our main goal with these AI Day things is recruiting and to sort of change the perception of Tesla as people thinking of Tesla as a car company when they should be thinking of Tesla as an AI robotics company.
     Adam Jonas

Maybe as a follow-up.
     Elon, I'd love your thoughts on the topic of China-based OEMs expanding into Western markets.
>>> As the China market kind of gets saturated and there's a tremendous growth in the supply, how much success should Tesla investors allow for this competition to achieve in Western markets?
     And can you envision a scenario where Tesla could partner with a Chinese OEM to help accelerate sustainable transport in markets like Europe and the United States?
     Thanks.
     Elon Musk

Well, our observation is generally that the Chinese car companies are the most competitive car companies in the world.
     So I think they will have significant success outside of China depending on what kind of tariffs or trade barriers are established.
     Frankly, I think if there are not trade barriers established, they will pretty much demolish most other car companies in the world.
     So they're extremely good.
     We don't see an obvious opportunity to partner.
-----
4. [Sentence #100] [PLAN]
     This concept is mostly overlooked for just the upfront cost.
     We will be rigorous in evaluating our campaigns, curating the content, and optimizing spend accordingly to support the overall demand.
     There are two additional things I would like to mention as it relates to the US market.
     First, for customers who qualify for the IRA buyer credit, we now offer that as a point-of-sale benefit for Model Y, which means an immediate reduction of $7,500 at the time of purchase to the end customer.
     Secondly, we continue to offer very attractive lease rates for Model 3 and Y using our Partner Leasing Program.
     Note that the sales under this program are recognized as upfront revenue and reported within automotive sales.
     Our energy storage business had another record year with deployments more than doubling and revenues increasing by more than 50%.
>>> This business is poised to again surpass our auto business in terms of growth rate in 2024.
     This has been in the works for quite some time with us laying the foundation a few years back by building our Megafactory in Lathrop.
     I would like to thank the whole Tesla Energy team for their efforts to make this a reality.
     Our services and others business also started contributing meaningfully to our results and our fleets -- as our fleet grows.
     As we expected the fleet-based revenues from supercharging, used cars, and services continue to increase.
     For 2024, our focus is to continue growing our output, continuing our cost reduction efforts, and increasing investments in our future growth initiatives.
     Accordingly, we are currently expecting our capital expenditure for 2024 to be in excess of $10 billion.
     We believe this would be critical in helping us lay the foundation for the next phase of growth.
-----

Total context windows: 4
