[TSLA_Q2_2020] How did the output capacity of Tesla’s Gigafactories change from 2020 to 2024, and did it match the capacity projections shared in earnings calls?

1. [Sentence #350] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     And there’s like two general classes of cell.
     There's like iron phosphate, and then the nickel based, the nickel based cells have higher energy density so longer range.
     Obviously, those are needed for something like Semi, where every, every unit of mass that you add in battery pack you have to subtract in cargo.
     So it's very important to have a mass efficient and long range pack for four batteries.
     What we're seeing with our passenger vehicles is that our powertrain efficiency and tire efficiency, drive coefficient like basically all of the things that, like, you know, our HVAC, going to a heat pump, basically our total vehicle efficiency has gotten good enough with Model 3, for example, that we actually are comfortable having an iron phosphate battery pack in Model 3 in China and that that'll be in volume production later this year.
     So, we think that getting a range that is in the high 200 -- basically, we think you probably getting a range of almost 300 miles with an iron phosphate pack, taking into account a whole bunch of powertrain and other vehicle efficiencies.
>>> And that frees up a lot of capacity for things like the Tesla Semi and the other projects so far higher energy density.
     So, yes, so you have like two supply chains that you can tap into iron phosphate or nickel.
     We use very little cobalt in our system already and that's -- that may to zero along, so it's basically about nickel.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question is, Tesla recently decided not to produce Standard 3 Range version of Model Y.
     No longer offers a Standard Range Model S or X and has announced ramping of the Semi.
     Does this shift from smaller pack vehicles suggest that Tesla is not battery constrained as in the past?
     What are the biggest constraints now?
-----

Total context windows: 1
