[TSLA_Q3_2023] How did the output capacity of Tesla’s Gigafactories change from 2020 to 2024, and did it match the capacity projections shared in earnings calls?

1. [Sentence #120] [PLAN]
     I know people want to us advertising, we are advertising.
     I think there’s something to be gained on the advertising front.
     I don’t think it’s nothing.
     But informing people of a car that is great, but they cannot afford doesn’t really help.
     So that is really the thing that must be solved is to make the car affordable or the average person cannot buy it for any amount of money or they can’t afford it.
     So, this is big deal.
     Martin Viecha

The next question is, when do you expect Model 3 Highland to be available in the U.S.?
>>> I just wanted to address that unfortunately we don’t answer product related questions and timings on earnings calls.
     So let’s go to the next one.
     Current sell side consensus assumes that Tesla will deliver 2.3 million vehicles in 2024, representing 28% growth versus 2023 guidance.
     Is this growth rate achievable without any mass market launches in 2024?
     And when does Tesla expect to return to its 50% long-term CAGR?
     Vaibhav Taneja

When we look at 2024, there are a lot of moving pieces.
     I just talked about what is happening in the macroeconomic environment.
     So, we’re focused on growing our volumes in a very cost efficient manner and are carefully reviewing all our options, and we’ll be able to provide a much more meaningful update at our next earnings call.
-----
2. [Sentence #99] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     This quarter we convert to building a 100% Cybertruck cells to simplify and focus the factory as we ramp all four lines in Phase 1 over the next three quarters.
     Phase 2 of the Texas 4680 facility is currently under construction.
     The additional four lines incorporate further capital efficiencies over Phase 1, and our target is for them to start producing in late 2024.
     Lastly, in Kato, we’re retooling to enable large scale pallet runs of our next generation cell designs.
     Kato’s long-term goal is to be the launch pad for new cells, one generation ahead of our mass production facilities, enabling faster iteration and smoother ramp ups of new designs.
     A – Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question from institutional investors.
>>> Could you please provide an update on capacity expansion plans for company’s factories in Berlin and Austin, and the opening schedule of Gigafactory Mexico?
     A – Unidentified Company Representative

Berlin and Austin factories, the current priority is actually maximize the output from our existing lines, by laser focus on efficiency improvement.
     As always, maintaining a high quality and the reducing per unit cost will be as critical as growing the production volume.
     For Mexico, we’re working on infrastructure and factory design in parallel with the engineering and development of the new production that we’ll be manufacturing there.
     That’s what I can share for now.
     Elon Musk

In Mexico we’re laying the groundwork to begin construction and doing all the long lead items.
     But I think we want to just get a sense for what the global economy is like before we go full tilt on the Mexico factory.
     I’m worried about the high interest rate environment that we’re in.
-----

Total context windows: 2
