[TSLA_Q1_2024] model-y cost tesla 2020-2024

1. [Sentence #59] [UNCERTAIN]
     Vaibhav Taneja

Thanks.
     It's important to acknowledge what Elon said, from our auto business perspective.
     We did see a seasonal decline in revenues quarter-over-quarter and those were primarily because of seasonality, uncertain macroeconomic environment, and the other reasons, which Elon had mentioned earlier.
     Auto margins declined from 18.9% to 18.5%.
     Excluding the impact of Cybertruck, the impact of pricing actions was largely offset by reductions in per unit costs and the recognition of revenue from Autopark feature for certain vehicles in the U.S. that previously did not have that functionality.
     Additionally, while we did experience higher cost due to the ramp of Model 3 in Fremont and disruptions in Berlin, these costs were largely offset by cost reduction initiatives.
     In fact, if we exclude Cybertruck and Fremont Model 3 ramp costs, the revenue from Autopark, auto margins improved slightly.
>>> Currently normalized Model Y cost per vehicle in Austin and Berlin are already very close to that of Fremont.
     Our ability to reduce costs without sacrificing on quality was due to the amazing efforts of the team, in executing Tesla's relentless pursuit of efficiency across the business.
     We've also witnessed that as other OEMs are pulling back on their investments in EV, there is increasing appetite for credits, and that means a steady stream of revenue for us.
     Obviously, seeing others pull back from EV is not the future we want.
     We would prefer it the whole industry went all in.
     On the demand front, we've undertaken a variety of initiatives, including lowering the price of both the purchase and subscription options for FSD launching extremely attractive leasing specials for the Model 3 in the U.S. for $299 a month and offering attractive financing options in certain markets.
     We believe that our awareness activities, paired with attractive financing, will go a long way in expanding our reach and driving demand for our products.
     Our Energy business continues to make meaningful progress with margins reaching a record of 24.6%.
-----
2. [Sentence #497] [UNCERTAIN]
     We think Q2 will be a lot better.
     Vaibhav Taneja

Yes.
     Lars Moravy

It’s just one thing after another.
     Our Cybertrucks are crazy.
     Thank you.
     Elon Musk

Yes, exactly.
     It’s just – if you’ve got cars that are sitting on ships, they obviously cannot delivered to people.
>>> And if you’ve got the excess demand for Model 3 and Model Y in one market, but you don’t have it there.
     It’s quite a – it’s extremely complex logistics situation.
     So, I’d say also the – we did overcomplicate the sales process, which we’ve just in the past week or so have greatly simplified.
     So, it became far too complex to buy a Tesla, whereas it should just be you can buy the car in under a minute.
     So, we’re getting back to that you can buy a Tesla in under a minute interface from what was quite complex.
     Martin Viecha

Okay, thank you.
     Let’s go to Colin Rusch from Oppenheimer.
     Colin, go ahead and unmute, please.
-----

Total context windows: 2
