[TSLA_Q3_2023] model-y cost tesla 2020-2024

1. [Sentence #110] [PLAN]
     That’s what I can share for now.
     Elon Musk

In Mexico we’re laying the groundwork to begin construction and doing all the long lead items.
     But I think we want to just get a sense for what the global economy is like before we go full tilt on the Mexico factory.
     I’m worried about the high interest rate environment that we’re in.
     I just can’t emphasize this enough that the vast majority of people buying a car is about the monthly payment.
     And as interest rates rise, the proportion of that monthly payment that is interest increases naturally.
     So, if interest rates remain high or if they go even higher, it’s that much harder for people to buy the car, they simply cannot afford it.
>>> And we are tracking, I believe at this point for Model Y to be the best selling car on earth, but not just in revenue, but in unit volume.
     If you compare that to the other vehicles that are number two and number three and whatnot, they cost much less than our car.
     So, we’re just hitting law of large numbers situations here.
     I know people want to us advertising, we are advertising.
     I think there’s something to be gained on the advertising front.
     I don’t think it’s nothing.
     But informing people of a car that is great, but they cannot afford doesn’t really help.
     So that is really the thing that must be solved is to make the car affordable or the average person cannot buy it for any amount of money or they can’t afford it.
-----
2. [Sentence #91] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     4680 cell production in Texas increased 40% quarter-over-quarter.
     Congrats to the Texas team for producing their 20 million cell off of line one.
     Texas is now our primary 4680 facility.
     We’re heavily focused on quality.
     Scrap is down 40% quarter-over-quarter.
     With the increased volume and yield improvements, cell costs consistently improved month-over-month within the quarter, although we have a lot more work to do to achieve our steady state goals.
     And that is our priority.
>>> The Cybertruck cell with 10% higher energy than our Model Y cell started production on line two in Texas.
     This quarter we convert to building a 100% Cybertruck cells to simplify and focus the factory as we ramp all four lines in Phase 1 over the next three quarters.
     Phase 2 of the Texas 4680 facility is currently under construction.
     The additional four lines incorporate further capital efficiencies over Phase 1, and our target is for them to start producing in late 2024.
     Lastly, in Kato, we’re retooling to enable large scale pallet runs of our next generation cell designs.
     Kato’s long-term goal is to be the launch pad for new cells, one generation ahead of our mass production facilities, enabling faster iteration and smoother ramp ups of new designs.
     A – Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question from institutional investors.
-----
3. [Sentence #61] [PLAN]
     This year itself, we have generated operating cash flows of approximately [$8.9 billion] (ph) and free cash flows of approximately $2.3 billion.
     Our other businesses are becoming more prominent on a standalone basis with energy business leading the charge, primarily from the growth in Megapack deployments.
     Our services and other businesses on a year-on-year basis also continue to show positive momentum as we benefit from our growing fleet.
     As regards our pricing strategy, in addition to what we have shared before, I want to elaborate that most car buying happens with one or other form of financing, and hence we also view pricing in terms of monthly costs for the customer.
     And therefore, as interest costs in the U.S. have risen substantially, it has required us to adjust the price of our vehicles to keep the monthly cost in parity.
     We’ve tried to offset such adjustments via focus on reducing costs.
     However, there is an inherent lag in cost reductions, which in turn impacts margins.
>>> To that extent, we recently announced a partner vehicle leasing program in the U.S. whereby you can get a standard Model Y for as low as $399 a month.
     In conclusion, as we navigate through a challenging economic environment, we’re focused on reducing costs, maximizing delivery volumes, and continuing making investments in the future, in particular, AI and other next generation platform.
     We believe this strategy positions us well for the long term.
     Once again, I would like to thank the Tesla team for their efforts in the last quarter.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     And now let’s go to investor questions.
     The first investor question comes from Craig.
     How many Cybertruck deliveries do you anticipate for 2024?
-----
4. [Sentence #336] [UNCERTAIN]
     It’s like what are you talking about, you -- I mean, how detached from reality does the work from home crowd have to be?
     While they take advantage of all those who do -- who cannot work from home.
     So, I mean, you have to say like why did I sleep in the factory so many times, because it mattered.
     So I just can’t emphasize again how important cost is.
     It’s not an optional thing for most people, it is a necessary thing.
     We have to make our cars more affordable that people can buy it.
     And I keep harping on this interest thing, but I mean it just raises the cost of the car.
>>> I mean, we’re looking an internal analysis, which we think is more or less on track that when you look at the cost -- or the price reductions we’ve made in, say, the Model Y and you compare that to how much people’s monthly payment has risen due to interest rates, the price of the Model Y is almost unchanged.
     Vaibhav Taneja

If you factor in the...

Elon Musk

Yes, which is what I’m trying to say.
     The thing that matters is the monthly -- it’s how much money do they have to put down and do they literally have that in their bank account or their check balance and then what is the monthly payment.
     And it doesn’t matter how -- if that monthly payment is principal interest or whatever, it’s just a number, and that number has to not cause their bank account to go negative.
     That’s it.
     So going from near zero interest rates to kind of the current very high interest rates, the actual monthly payment is basically the same.
     It’s just a bunch more of it is going to interest.
     And there are some incremental challenges beyond that, which is the difficulty of getting credit at all has increased.
-----

Total context windows: 4
