[TSLA_Q2_2023] model-y cost tesla 2020-2024

1. [Sentence #156] [UNCERTAIN]
     Our supply chain team has done a terrific job in partnership with another – a bunch of other companies to put in place some long-term agreements here, but we do have some exposure that moves up and down.
     We’re also seeing benefits in aluminum and steel, which I think is great.
     Not as large as the lithium impacts, but they contribute nonetheless.
     So, if we add up the total impact of this in Q2 relative to prior quarter, it’s about the same size and magnitude as the IRA benefits that we also received.
     Just to put this in context, as you look at COGS per unit sequentially from Q1 to Q2, I think there’s two things to keep in mind there.
     The first is that our SX mix for deliveries increased quite a bit from Q1 to Q2.
     So, as you think about fundamental cost reductions, it’s important to adjust for that.
>>> And then secondly, as we continue to work on reducing our Austin and Berlin cost, which we did quite a bit of that from Q1 to Q2, these factories are still slightly above Model Y production costs elsewhere.
     And in the quarter, our mix of Austin and Berlin related builds increased.
     And so, that’s something to consider as you model out the impact on – from Q1 to Q2 in terms of COGS per unit.
     I do want to ask Karn if there’s anything else on the commodity side or just more generally, you want to add here?
     Karn Budhiraj

Yes.
     As you mentioned, Zach, we’ve naturally been a little bit hedged from the lithium position because of the long-term contracts we have in place.
     But we have seen reduction in pricing across the board for all commodities that specifically go into batteries such as nickel, cobalt and graphite.
     And the reductions in pricing translate into thousands of dollars when you look at it from a per-vehicle impact.
-----
2. [Sentence #15] [PLAN]
     During the question-and-answer portion of today’s call, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
     Please use the raise hand button to join the question queue.
     But before we jump into Q&A, Elon has some opening remarks.
     Elon?
     Elon Musk

Thank you, Martin.
     So, just a Q2 recap.
     In Q2 we achieved record vehicle production and deliveries, and record revenue of about $25 billion in a single quarter.
>>> And Model Y became the bestselling vehicle of any kind globally in Q1, surpassing the likes of Corolla and Golf.
     So, it was the number one vehicle of any kind, including vehicles that are sold at a far lower price.
     This is, I think, an incredible achievement by the Tesla team, and just a huge thank you to our customers for their support.
     And this came in spite of high interest rates and a lot of macro uncertainty.
     And nonetheless, we managed to achieve operating margin of about 10%.
     We continue to target 1.8 million vehicle deliveries this year.
     Although, we expect that Q3 production will be a little bit down because we’ve got summer shutdowns to -- for a lot of factory upgrades.
     So, just probably a slight decrease in production in Q3 for sort of global factory upgrades.
-----
3. [Sentence #202] [PLAN]
     There’s a misconception that traditional bodies are easy to repair, but they are made up of multiple materials and multiple joining methods.
     Spot welds and rivets have to be drilled out.
     Panels and structural adhesives have to be chiseled out.
     Dried adhesive has to be removed, stains, cut, blah, blah, blah.
     Elon Musk

It’s a crazy patch of a quilt.
     Lars Moravy

Yes.
     And so putting that back together means time and money.
>>> Using an example of replacing a rear cast rail in the Model Y, to do that versus like what we replaced it with from Model 3, it’s 10 times cheaper and 3 times faster to do it with the cast rail.
     Design team works with our collision repair team since we’re a closed loop on this with insurance, and we design specific parts that make it easier and faster to repair.
     And we have an incentive to do that because we have our own insurance and our own body shops.
     We expect that we’ll continue to do this, and collision repair will continue to become cheaper and faster over time.
     And we already make this available to all body shops or our Tesla-approved body shop training.
     Elon Musk

Yes, closing loop on collision repair and factoring that into design is a big deal.
     Lars Moravy

Crucial.
     I don’t think anyone else can do it with that ecosystem that we have, so.
-----

Total context windows: 3
