[TSLA_Q3_2021] How did Tesla’s energy storage business (Powerwall, Powerpack, Megapack) scale from 2019 to 2024, and was this growth aligned with Elon Musk’s targets?

1. [Sentence #29] [PLAN]
     It's important to note that while we have roughly doubled deliveries year-to-date, this has been exceptionally difficult to achieve.
     I want to thank our supply chain team for their incredible work and our production teams for showing impressive flexibility as we make adjustments real-time.
     These teams' expertise in the chip industry across all tiers has made a huge difference in managing through these challenges.
     Additionally, we never reduced our production forecast with our suppliers as we're adding capacity as quickly as possible.
     I also want to thank our suppliers for the dedication and partnership to Tesla.
     Despite these increases in production and generally higher prices, our backlogs are continuing to grow and average customer wait times are extending.
     The only practical way to address this in the immediate term is to do everything we can to build more cars on our existing production lines, which is where we are focused.
>>> Similar dynamics are also playing out in our storage business as we are working to expand Powerwall and Megapack production as quickly as parts themselves allow us to do so.
     Additionally, we have made good progress on the in-house battery manufacturing program.
     And we're excited to have expanded the full self-driving beta program to more customers.
     Financially, our auto gross margins reached 30.5% on a GAAP basis and just under 29%, excluding regulatory credits, which was our strongest yet.
     This benefit primarily comes from higher volumes, particularly out of the Shanghai factory, increased mix of the Model Y as we -- and we have made good progress increasing Model S volumes.
     The Model S has now returned to positive gross margin and we expect this to increase with higher production and the ramp of Model X.
     As was the case in Q2, there were some net benefit from pricing actions.
     However, this remains small in the context of other contributors.
-----

Total context windows: 1
