[TSLA_Q2_2021] How did the output capacity of Tesla’s Gigafactories change from 2020 to 2024, and did it match the capacity projections shared in earnings calls?

1. [Sentence #514] [PLAN]
     Dan Levy

Great.
     And then just related, as we see Berlin and Austin ramp, I’d like to just get a sense on the comparison of Fremont versus the new capacity, obviously, Fremont is non-optimized because you bought the old NUMMI facility.
     You had to retrofit that to your need.
     So maybe you can give us a sense of how your new capacity is going to differ versus Fremont.
     What are the areas that you have efficiencies that you previously didn’t have and maybe how much does that add up to improved COGS over time to help you achieve that $25,000 vehicle?
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     We always talk too much about future product development.
>>> Earnings calls are not the right place for us to make a major product announcement, so yes.
     We will get there.
     We will provide it later.
     Martin Viecha

All right.
     Thank you very much.
     Unfortunately, this is all the time we have for today.
     Thank you very much for dialing in and for listening, and we will speak to you again in about three months.
     Thank you.
-----
2. [Sentence #389] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     Pierre Ferragu

Hi, guys.
     Thanks so much for taking my question.
     I’d love to get actually based on what you presented on the Battery Day.
     In the last six, seven months, I was wondering how much progress you have made on that front, first in terms of process development.
     So how are things coming together on your pilot line?
     Are you getting to the kind of production throughput you are aiming for?
     And second, actually on your production ramp.
>>> So I was wondering in which size you are ramping production capacity for the 4680 cell and where you stand on ramping up that capacity as well?
     And I have a quick follow-up on energy as well if that’s possible.
     Elon Musk

Well, so we have the – and Drew can add to this.
     But we have the - a small sort of pilot plant, which is still big by normal standards.
     We expect to have like a 10-gigawatt-hour per year capability in Fremont, California.
     And we made quite a few cells.
     We are not quite yet at the point where we think the cells are reliable enough to be shipped in cars, but we are getting close to that point.
     And then we have already ordered most of the equipment for battery production in Berlin and then much of it for Austin as well.
-----

Total context windows: 2
