[TSLA_Q1_2024] TESLA MODEL Y MINI YEARS 2024

1. [Sentence #1] [PLAN]
>>> Tesla's First Quarter 2024 Q&A Webcast.
     My name is Martin Viecha, VP of Investor Relations, and I'm joined today by Elon Musk, Vaibhav Taneja, and a number of other executives.
     Our Q1 results were announced at about 3.00 p.m. Central Time in the Update Deck we published at the same link as this webcast.
     During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements.
     These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today.
     Actual events and results could differ materially due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those mentioned in our most recent filings with the SEC.
     During the question-and-answer portion of today's call, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
     Please use the raise hand button to join the question queue.
-----
2. [Sentence #179] [UNCERTAIN]
     There's no hard inference conditions, it's everything is neural network, it's very soft, it's probabilistic.
     So it will adapt its probability distribution based on the new data that it's getting.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     We do have some insight into how good the things will be in like, let's say, three or four months because we have advanced models that are far more capable than what is in the car, but have some issues with them that we need to fix.
     So they are like there'll be a step change improvement in the capabilities of the car, but it will have some quirks that are – that need to be addressed in order to release it.
     As Ashok was saying, we have to be very careful in what we release the fleet or to customers in general.
     So like – if we look at say 12.4 and 12.5, which are really could arguably even be Version 13, Version 14 because it's pretty close to a total retrain of the neural nets in each case are substantially different.
>>> So we have good insight into where the model is, how well the car will perform, in, say, three or four months.
     Ashok Elluswamy

Yes.
     In terms of scaling laws, people in the AI community generally talk about model scaling laws where they increase the model size a lot and then their corresponding gains in performance, but we have also figured out scaling laws and other access in addition to the model side scaling, making also data scaling.
     You can increase the amount of data you use to train the neural network and that also gives similar gains and you can also scale up by training compute, you can train it for much longer or make more GPUs or more Dojo nodes and that also gives better performance, and you can also have architecture scaling where you count with better architectures that for the same amount of compute for produce better results.
     So a combination of model size scaling, data scaling, training compute scaling and the architecture scaling, we can basically extract like, okay, with the continue scaling based on this – at this ratio, we can sort of predict future performance.
     Obviously, it takes time to do the experiments because it takes a few weeks to train, it takes a few weeks to collect tens of millions of video clips and process all of them, but you can estimate what’s going to be the future progress based on the trends that we have seen in the past, and they’re generally held true based on past data.
     Martin Viecha

Okay.
     Thank you very much.
-----

Total context windows: 2
