[TSLA_Q4_2024] From 2022 to 2024, did Tesla hit its milestones for FSD (Full Self-Driving) functionality rollouts as described in quarterly updates?

1. [Sentence #235] [PLAN]
     So, it's really from a -- the only thing holding us back is an excess of caution.
     But people can certainly get a feel for how well the car would perform as unsupervised FSD by simply having a car -- allowing the car to drive you around your city and see how many times did you have to intervene, not where you wanted to intervene or were little concerned.
     But how many times did you have to be intervened for definite safety reasons?
     And you will find that that is currently very rare and over time, almost never.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     The next question is, are there any discussions with other auto companies about licensing FSD?
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

Yeah.
>>> What we're seeing is at this point, significant interest from a number of major car companies about licensing Tesla full self-driving technology.
     What we've generally said is the best way to know what to do is take one of our cars apart.
     And then you can see where the placement of the cameras are, what the thermal needs are of the Tesla AI inference computer.
     That's better than us selling CAD drawings.
     And then we're only going to entertain situations where the volume would be very -- otherwise, it's not worth the complexity.
     And we will not burden our engineering team with laborious discussions with other engineering teams until we obviously have unsupervised full self-driving working throughout the United States.
     I think the interest level from other manufacturers to license FSD will be extremely high once it is obvious that unless you have FSD, you're dead.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
-----
2. [Sentence #155] [UNCERTAIN]
     This will drive the demand of stationary battery packs and especially the grid-scale ones to and saying basically as much demand as we can possibly make.
     So, we have our second factory, which is in Shanghai, that's starting operation, and we're building a third factory.
     So, we're trying to ramp output of the stationary battery storage as quickly as possible.
     Now there is a challenge here where we have to be careful to -- that were not robbing from 1 pocket to take to another pocket because for a given gigawatt hours per year of the cell output, does it go into stationary applications or mobile applications?
     It can't go both into both so we have to make that trade-off, yes.
     But overall, the demand for total gigawatt hours of batteries, whether mobile or stationary, that will grow in a very, very big way over time.
     So, in conclusion, 2025 really is a pivotal year for Tesla.
>>> And when we look back on 2025 and the launch of unsupervised full self-driving, true real-world AI that actually works, I think we may regard it as the biggest year in Tesla history, maybe even bigger than Atlas car, or the Model S or the Model 3 or Model Y.
     In fact, I think it probably will be viewed '25 as maybe the most important year in Tesla's history.
     There is no company in the world that is as good in real-world AI as Tesla.
     I don't even know who's in second place.
     Like you say, like, who's in the second place for real-world AI?
     I would need a very big telescope to see them.
     That's how far behind they are.
     All right.
-----

Total context windows: 2
