[Year 2024] Between 2020 and 2024, did Tesla meet its guidance for year-over-year revenue growth and operating leverage improvement?

1. [Sentence #49, TSLA_Q1_2024] [PLAN]
     We are making sure that we're being as efficient as possible in our training.
     It's not just about the number of H100s, but how efficiently they're used.
     So, in conclusion, we're super excited about our autonomy road map.
     I think it should be obvious to anyone who's driving Version 12 and it tells that that it is only a matter of time before we exceed the reliability of humans and not much time with that.
     And we're really headed for an electric vehicle, an autonomous future.
     And I'll go back to something I said several years ago that in the future, gasoline cars that are not autonomous will be like riding a horse and using a flip phone.
     And that will become very obvious in hindsight.
>>> We continue to make the necessary investments that will drive growth and profits for Tesla in the future, and I wanted to thank the Tesla team for incredible execution during this period and look forward to everything that we have planned ahead.
     Thanks.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much, and Vaibhav has some comments as well.
     Vaibhav Taneja

Thanks.
     It's important to acknowledge what Elon said, from our auto business perspective.
     We did see a seasonal decline in revenues quarter-over-quarter and those were primarily because of seasonality, uncertain macroeconomic environment, and the other reasons, which Elon had mentioned earlier.
     Auto margins declined from 18.9% to 18.5%.
     Excluding the impact of Cybertruck, the impact of pricing actions was largely offset by reductions in per unit costs and the recognition of revenue from Autopark feature for certain vehicles in the U.S. that previously did not have that functionality.
-----
2. [Sentence #1937, TSLA_Q4_2024] [PLAN]
     Therefore, while we manage them to be positive on a GAAP basis, we do not expect similar margins as the rest of the business.
     There's a lot of uncertainty around tariffs.
     Over the years, we've tried to localize our supply chain in every market, but we are still very reliant on parts from across the world for all our businesses.
     Therefore, the imposition of tariffs, which is very likely, will have an impact on our business and profitability.
     Our operating expenses grew both year over year and sequentially.
     The biggest driver of the increase was R&D as we continue to invest in AI-related initiatives.
     The remaining increase came from growth in our sales capabilities and marketing efforts from referral program.
>>> For 2025, we expect operating expenses to increase to support our growth initiatives.
     It is important to point out that the net income in Q4 was impacted by a $600 million mark-to-market benefit from Bitcoin due to the adoption of a new accounting standard for digital assets, whereby we will change -- we will take mark-to-market adjustments through other income every reporting period going forward.
     Our free cash flow for the quarter was $2 billion, and despite capex increase of over $2.4 billion in 2024, we were able to generate free cash flow of $3.6 billion for the year.
     Capex efficiency is something we are extremely focused on.
     While we have invested in AI-related initiatives, we have done so in a very targeted manner to utilize the spend to get immediate benefits.
     The build-out of Cortex was accelerated because of the role -- actually to accelerate the rollout of FSD Version 13.
     Accumulated AI-related capex, including infrastructure, so far has been approximately $5 billion.
     And for 2025, we expect our capex to be flat on a year-over-year basis.
-----
3. [Sentence #2049, TSLA_Q4_2024] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     So, we just closed out the Semi factory roof of walls last week in Reno, a schedule, which is great with the weather.
     In Reno, you never know what's going to happen.
     But we're prepping for mechanical installation of all the equipment in the coming months.
     The first builds of the high volumes in design come late this year in 2025 and begin ramping early in 2026.
     But as we've said before, the Semi is a TCO, no-brainer.
     I think it's really similar to Optimus.
     It's going to be set by how much people pay and it has the total cost of ownership, it's much, much cheaper than any other transportation you could have.
>>> So, at that point, when we're at scale, it will meaningfully contribute to Tesla's revenue.
     Might be difficult to say how much.
     you want to add.
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

No.
     I mean, I do think that Tesla Semi, again with autonomy, is going to be incredibly valuable.
     That we actually have a shortage of truck drivers in America, that's one of the limiting factors on transport.
     And people are human so they get tired and sometimes there's -- I have a lot of respect for truck drivers because it's a tough job.
     But because it's a tough job, there's not that many people that want to do it.
-----
4. [Sentence #135, TSLA_Q1_2024] [UNCERTAIN]
     And that will be how cars work.
     You just summon the car using your phone, you get in, it takes you to a destination, you get out.
     Vaibhav Taneja

You don't even think about it?
     Elon Musk

You don't even think about it.
     Just like an elevator, it takes you to your floor.
     That's it.
     Don't think about how the elevator is working or anything like that.
>>> And something I should clarify is that Tesla will be operating the fleet.
     So you can think of like how Tesla, think of it’s like some combination of Airbnb and Uber, meaning that there will be some number of cars that Tesla owns itself and operates in the fleet.
     There will be some number of cars and then there'll be a bunch of cars where they're owned by the end user.
     That end user can add or subtract their car to the fleet whenever they want, and they can decide if they want to only let the car be used by friends and family or only by 5-star users or by anyone at any time they could have the car come back to them and be exclusively theirs, like an Airbnb.
     You could rent out your guest room or not, any time you want.
     So as our fleet grows, we have 7 million cars going to – 9 million cars going to, eventually tens of millions of cars worldwide.
     With a constant feedback loop, every time something goes wrong, that gets added to the training data and you get this training flywheel happening in the same way that Google Search has the sort of flywheel, it's very difficult to compete with Google because people are constantly doing searches and clicking and Google is getting that feedback loop.
     It’s the same with Tesla.
-----
5. [Sentence #1296, TSLA_Q3_2024] [PLAN]
     Level 2 would be using all the power of the sun, and Level 3, all of power of the galaxy, so we've got a long way to go, long way to go.
     When you think of courtship terms, it becomes obvious that by far, the biggest source of energy is the sun.
     Everything else is in the.
     So, in conclusion, Tesla is focused on building the future of energy, transport, robotics and AI.
     And this is a time when others are just focused on managing around near-term trends.
     We think what we're doing is the right approach.
     And if we execute on our objectives, I think we will, my prediction is Tesla will become the most valuable company in the world and probably by a long shot.
>>> I want to thank the Tesla team once again for strong execution in a tough operating environment, and we're looking forward to building an incredibly exciting future.
     Thank you.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much, Elon.
     And Vaibhav has some opening remarks as well.
     Vaibhav Taneja -- Chief Financial Officer

Thanks.
     Our Q3 results were positive and once again demonstrate the scale to which the business has evolved or with generation of record operating cash flows of $6.3 billion.
     Our automotive revenues grew both quarter on quarter and year on year.
-----
6. [Sentence #1945, TSLA_Q4_2024] [PLAN]
     It is important to point out that the net income in Q4 was impacted by a $600 million mark-to-market benefit from Bitcoin due to the adoption of a new accounting standard for digital assets, whereby we will change -- we will take mark-to-market adjustments through other income every reporting period going forward.
     Our free cash flow for the quarter was $2 billion, and despite capex increase of over $2.4 billion in 2024, we were able to generate free cash flow of $3.6 billion for the year.
     Capex efficiency is something we are extremely focused on.
     While we have invested in AI-related initiatives, we have done so in a very targeted manner to utilize the spend to get immediate benefits.
     The build-out of Cortex was accelerated because of the role -- actually to accelerate the rollout of FSD Version 13.
     Accumulated AI-related capex, including infrastructure, so far has been approximately $5 billion.
     And for 2025, we expect our capex to be flat on a year-over-year basis.
>>> In conclusion, like Elon said, 2025 is going to be a pivotal year for Tesla.
     There are a lot of investments which we have made and will continue to make in this coming year, which will set the pace for the next phase of growth.
     And it is something which now I'm getting out on the floor, it is going to be out of this world.
     And we just are putting right foundation.
     And that's all I have.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much, Vaibhav.
     Now, we will move over to investor questions and we'll start with say.com.
-----
7. [Sentence #1052, TSLA_Q2_2024] [UNCERTAIN]
     In the years come it'll be over 10 million, then over 20 million.
     This is immense scale.
     And the car is able to operate 24/7, unlike the human driver.
     So, the capability to -- like, if there's this basically instant scale with a software update.
     And now this is for a customer on fleet.
     So you can think of that as being a bit like Airbnb, like you can choose to allow your car to be used by the fleet, or cancel that and bring it back.
     It can be used by the fleet all the time.
>>> It can be used by the fleet some of the time, and then Tesla would take -- would share on the revenue with the customer.
     But you can think of the giant fleet of Tesla vehicles as like a giant sort of Airbnb equivalent fleet, Airbnb on wheels.
     The -- I mean, then in addition we would make some number of cars for Tesla that would just be owned by Tesla and be added to the fleet.
     I guess that would be a bit more like Uber.
     But this would all be a Tesla network.
     And there's an important clause we've put in, in every Tesla purchase, which is that the Tesla vehicles can only be used in the Tesla fleet.
     They cannot be used by a third-party for autonomy.
     Ferragu Pierre

Okay.
-----
8. [Sentence #1891, TSLA_Q4_2024] [UNCERTAIN]
     Maybe it's at least double.
     This will drive the demand of stationary battery packs and especially the grid-scale ones to and saying basically as much demand as we can possibly make.
     So, we have our second factory, which is in Shanghai, that's starting operation, and we're building a third factory.
     So, we're trying to ramp output of the stationary battery storage as quickly as possible.
     Now there is a challenge here where we have to be careful to -- that were not robbing from 1 pocket to take to another pocket because for a given gigawatt hours per year of the cell output, does it go into stationary applications or mobile applications?
     It can't go both into both so we have to make that trade-off, yes.
     But overall, the demand for total gigawatt hours of batteries, whether mobile or stationary, that will grow in a very, very big way over time.
>>> So, in conclusion, 2025 really is a pivotal year for Tesla.
     And when we look back on 2025 and the launch of unsupervised full self-driving, true real-world AI that actually works, I think we may regard it as the biggest year in Tesla history, maybe even bigger than Atlas car, or the Model S or the Model 3 or Model Y.
     In fact, I think it probably will be viewed '25 as maybe the most important year in Tesla's history.
     There is no company in the world that is as good in real-world AI as Tesla.
     I don't even know who's in second place.
     Like you say, like, who's in the second place for real-world AI?
     I would need a very big telescope to see them.
     That's how far behind they are.
-----
9. [Sentence #415, TSLA_Q1_2024] [UNCERTAIN]
     And again, just to clarify, it's not the work which we have to do.
     It's the work which they have to do, which will take the time.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     Vaibhav Taneja

Mark, is it helpful?
     Mark Delaney

Yes, very helpful.
     Thank you.
     My follow-up was to better understand Tesla's approach to pricing going forward.
>>> Previously, the company had said that the price reductions were driving incremental demand with how affordable the cars have become, especially for vehicles that have access to IRA credits and some of the leasing offers that Tesla has in place.
     Do you still see meaningful incremental price reductions as making sense from here for the existing products?
     And can the company meaningfully lower prices from here and also stay free cash flow positive on an annual basis with the current product set?
     Thanks.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     I think we can be free cash flow positive meaningfully.
     Lars Moravy

I think Vaibhav said it in his opening remarks, like our cost down efforts, we basically were offsetting the price cut like we’re trying to give it back to the customers.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
-----
10. [Sentence #2074, TSLA_Q4_2024] [PLAN]
     That's $1 billion a month at some point probably.
     But all this is going to pale in comparison to Optimus.
     So, yes, $1 billion a month is a lot but it's not it's going to be like 1% of Optimus.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much.
     We already covered the next question in opening remarks, so moving on.
     Is it expected that Tesla that will need to upgrade Hardware 3 vehicles?
>>> And if so, what is the timeline and expected impact to Tesla's capex?
     I think they're referring to cost there.
     Lars Moravy -- Vice President, Vehicle Engineering

They're really asking the tough questions, aren't they?
     Vaibhav Taneja -- Chief Financial Officer

I guess we haven't started working on Hardware 3 yet.
     We are still making software releases.
     We released the 12.6 release recently, which was like a baby V13, but it's a significant improvement compared to what they had previously.
     People are still finding ways to distill larger models in the smaller models.
     So, we're not giving up on Hardware.
-----
11. [Sentence #2138, TSLA_Q4_2024] [PLAN]
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

All right.
     With that, we will move over to analyst questions.
     [Operator instructions] And the first question will be coming from Daniel Roeska from Bernstein.
     Daniel, please go ahead and unmute yourself.
     Daniel Roeska -- Analyst

Hey, good evening, everybody.
     It's Daniel from Bernstein.
     Elon, Tesla's share price clearly already includes quite a few of the anticipated benefits you talked about today, yet realizing what you call kind of difficult but achievable will take some time.
>>> What are you pushing the Tesla executive team to do differently now to accelerate the innovation in order to realize the value you described for the company?
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

Well, I mean, we're, I think, working on perfecting real-world AI and making rapid progress week over week, if not month -- certainly month over month.
     It's often week over week.
     I spent a lot of time with the Tesla AI team and the Tesla Optimus team.
     I mean, I go where the problem is essentially.
     If something, this is unfortunate.
     Sometimes I don't talk to Tesla executive team and like, hey, we don't see you very often.
     That's because your stuff is working awesome.
-----

Total context windows: 11
