[TSLA_Q1_2024] From 2022 to 2024, did Tesla hit its milestones for FSD (Full Self-Driving) functionality rollouts as described in quarterly updates?

1. [Sentence #211] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     Lars Moravy

I can take that one too.
     Cybertruck had 1K a week just a couple of weeks ago.
     This happened in the first four to five months since we SOP [ph] late last year.
     Of course, volume production is what matters.
     That’s what drives costs and so our costs are dropping, but the ramp still faces like a lot of challenges with so many new technologies, some supplier limitations, et cetera, and continue to ramp this year, just focusing on cost efficiency and quality.
     Martin Viecha

Okay.
     Thank you.
>>> The next question, have any of the legacy automakers contacted Tesla about possibly licensing FSD in the future?
     Elon Musk

We’re in conversations with one major automaker regarding licensing FSD.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question is about the robotaxi unveil.
     Elon already talked about that.
     So we’ll have to wait till August.
     The following question is about the next-generation vehicle.
     We already talked about that.
-----
2. [Sentence #365] [UNCERTAIN]
     Let's go to Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs.
     Mark please go ahead and unmute.
     Mark Delaney

Yes.
     Good afternoon.
     Thanks very much for taking the question.
     The company previously characterized potential FSD licensing discussions in the early phase and some OEMs had not really been believing in it.
     Can you elaborate on how much the licensing business opportunity you mentioned today has progressed?
>>> And is there anything Tesla needs to achieve with the technology in terms of product milestones in order to be successful at reaching a licensing agreement in your view?
     Elon Musk

Well, I think we just need to – it just needs to be obvious that our approach is the right approach.
     And I think it is.
     I think we've now with 12.3, if you just have the car drive you around; it is obvious that our solution with a relatively low-cost inference computer and standard cameras can achieve self-driving.
     No LiDARs, no radars, no ultrasonic nothing.
     Vaibhav Taneja

No heavy integration work for vehicle manufacturers.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     So it really just be a case of having them use the same cameras and inference computer and licensing our software.
-----
3. [Sentence #573] [PLAN]
     It's not like we want to take on a whole bunch of problems just for the hell of it.
     We did the cell program in order to address the crazy increase in cost per kilowatt hour from our suppliers due to gigantic orders placed by every carmaker on earth.
     Martin Viecha

Okay.
     Thank you.
     And the last question comes from Ben Kallo from Baird.
     Ben, go ahead and unmute.
     Ben, you're still muted.
>>> Elon Musk

Well, I want to say again, we'd just like to strongly recommend that anyone who is, I guess, thinking about the Tesla stock should really drive FSD 12.3.
     It really – you can't – it's impossible to understand the company if you do not do this.
     Martin Viecha

All right.
     So since Ben is not unmuting.
     Let's try Shreyas Patil from Wolfe Research.
     Final question.
     Shreyas Patil

Thanks so much.
     Just Elon, during the Investor Day last year, you mentioned that auto COGS per unit for the next-gen vehicle would decline by 50% versus the current three and Y. I think that was implying something around $20,000 of COGS.
-----

Total context windows: 3
