[TSLA_Q3_2024] TESLA MODEL Y MINI YEARS 2024

1. [Sentence #225] [PLAN]
     But the next stage in that, really as it fits into AI road map, is when we bring in robotaxis, which lowers the initial cost of getting into an EV -- and those -- that's really where we see the marriage of EV road map and the AI road map.
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

Yeah.
     It will be like with incentive.
     So, 30K, which is kind of a key threshold.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much.
     Similar question next.
>>> When can we expect Tesla to give us the $25,000 non-robotaxi regular car model?
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

We're not breaking it on --

Unknown speaker -- -- Analyst

Yeah, all our vehicles today are --

Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

So, I think we've made very clear that we're -- the future is autonomous.
     I mean, it's going to be -- I've actually said this many years ago, but that in my strong belief and I believe that is panning out to be true, very obvious retrospect is that the future is autonomous electric vehicles.
     And nonautonomous gasoline vehicles here will be like riding a horse and using a foot bone.
     It's not that there are no horses.
     Yes, there are some but they're unusual.
     They're niche.
     And so, everything is going to be electric autonomous.
-----
2. [Sentence #212] [PLAN]
     The Tesla team is hyper-focused on delivering on that version.
     All efforts are underway to make it a reality.
     While we've achieved significant progress this year, it will take time to get this as we find new and incredibly complex technologies and navigate a fragmented regulatory landscape.
     The future is incredibly bright, and I want to thank the Tesla team once again for all their help.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much, Vaibhav.
     Now, we'll go to investor questions.
>>> The first one is, is Tesla still on track to deliver the more affordable model next year, as mentioned by Elon earlier?
     And how does it align with your AI and product road map?
     Unknown speaker -- -- Analyst

Sure.
     I mean, as Elon and Vaibhav both said, we are on plan to meet that in the first half of next year.
     Ambition has always been to lower the cost of our vehicles to increase the adoption of sustainable energy and transport.
     Part of that is lowering the cost of our current vehicles, which is where all of the personally owned vehicles that we sell today come in.
     But the next stage in that, really as it fits into AI road map, is when we bring in robotaxis, which lowers the initial cost of getting into an EV -- and those -- that's really where we see the marriage of EV road map and the AI road map.
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

Yeah.
-----
3. [Sentence #67] [PILOT]
     And we hope that we continue to scale the neural network, the data, the training compute, etc.
     By Q2 next year, we should cross over the average, even in miles per critical intervention collision, in that case.
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

I mean, that is just unvarnished, our internal estimate.
     Ashok Elluswamy -- Director, Autopilot Software

Yes.
     Yeah.
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

So, that's not sandbagging or anything else.
     Our internal estimate is Q2 of next year to be safer than human and then to continue with rapid improvements thereafter.
>>> A vast majority of humanity has no idea that Tesla could drive themselves so especially for something like a Model 3 or Model Y, it looks like a normal car.
     So, you don't expect a normal car to be able to be intelligent enough to drive itself.
     A Cybercab looks different.
     A Cybertruck looks different, but Model Y and Model 3 are -- look, they're good-looking cars but look fairly normal.
     You don't expect a fairly normal-looking car to have the intelligence, enough AI to be able to drive itself, but it does.
     So, we do want to expose that to more people, and so we're doing -- every time we have a significant improvement in the software, we'll roll out another sort of 30-day trial to encourage people to try it again.
     And we are seeing a significant improvement in adoption.
     So, the take rate for FSD has improved substantially, especially after the 10/10 event.
-----

Total context windows: 3
