[TSLA_Q4_2022] Between 2020 and 2024, did Tesla meet its guidance for year-over-year revenue growth and operating leverage improvement?

1. [Sentence #355] [PLAN]
     This is kind of a big deal with AI on the software side and on the hardware side.
     With the Hardware 3 inference computer, still the most efficient inference computer in the world despite being, at this point, five years old from the design point.
     And Hardware 4 coming and then Hardware 5 beyond that, where there are significant leaps.
     And the Dojo computer, we expect to be using that operationally at Tesla later this year.
     And we're seeing just a lot of world-class AI talent join the company.
     There's also the long-term potential of Optimus where we're able to use our expertise in electric motors and power electronics, batteries and advanced manufacturing to be able to make a humanoid robot that is actually useful and can be made at high volume with exceptional capabilities, because of the -- or robot AI that, where we take the -- because the car is like a robot on four wheels and Optimus is a robot on legs.
     But the -- as we get closer and closer to solving real-world AI, and we don't see anyone even close to us in achieving this, the value -- I think, you appreciate this and a few others do, but most don't know what I'm talking about.
>>> And so -- but it's -- this is the thing that has order of magnitude potential market cap improvement for Tesla.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     And the next question comes from Alex Potter from Piper Sandler.
     Alex Potter

Can you hear me, guys?
     Martin Viecha

Yes.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes

Alex Potter

Okay, great.
     So a quick one on FSD.
     This, I guess, for Zach.
-----
2. [Sentence #197] [UNCERTAIN]
     So what we're aiming for is like how do we get ultimately to, let's say, for argument's sake if Hardware 3 can be, say, 200% or 300% safer than human, Hardware 4 might be 500% or 600%.
     It will be Hardware 5 beyond that.
     But what really matters is are we improving the average safety on the road.
     But it is the cost and difficulty of retrofitting Hardware 3 with Hardware 4 is quite significant.
     So it would not be, I think, economically feasible to do so.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     The next question is for Zach.
>>> Zach, when do you think Tesla Insurance will become big enough revenue source to warrant providing more details in the financials of the business so investors can compare it to other insurance companies?
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yes.
     I think it's probably going to take some time before this business is large enough for specific financial disclosures.
     But I'm happy to provide an update on where we stand in the business.
     So, we're currently at a $300 million annual premium run rate as of the end of last year.
     We're growing 20% a quarter, so it's growing faster than the growth in our vehicle business.
     And in the states in which we're operating, on average, 17% of the customers in the states are using a Tesla Insurance product.
     And that number continues to tick up as we spend more time in markets.
-----
3. [Sentence #137] [UNCERTAIN]
     So based upon these metrics here, we believe that we'll be above both of the metrics that are stated in the question, so 20% automotive gross margin, excluding leases and rent credits and then $47,000 ASP across all models.
     And so two other comments I want to make on this.
     Just tactically on sequential ASP changes from Q4 to Q1.
     And just as a reminder, the ASP reduction is not as large as the reduction in configurator prices.
     As in Q4, we had backlog customers that we're delivering cars to at a lower price book, given that backlogs had been so long for so much of 2022.
     But then also, there are various programs in place that we used in Q4 that lowered ASPs.
     The second comment I wanted to make here is that as a management team here, we're most focused on what our operating margin is.
>>> And so as other areas of the business become more important, particularly the energy business, which is growing faster than the vehicle business and as we're heavily focused on operating leverage here, improving efficiency of our overheads, we think the right metric for us to be focused on is operating margin.
     And so I wanted to make sure that I shared that with the investor community as well, because that is what we're primarily managing to now.
     Elon Musk

Yes.
     Something that I think some of these smart retail investors understand, but I think a lot of others maybe don't is that the -- every time we sell a car, it has the ability, just from uploading software to have full self-driving enabled and full self-driving is obviously getting better very rapidly.
     So that's actually a tremendous upside potential because all of those cars, with a few exceptions -- I mean, only a small percentage of cars don't have Hardware 3.
     So that means that there's millions of cars were full self-driving can be sold at essentially 100% gross margin.
     And the value of it grows as the autonomous capability grows.
     And then when it becomes fully autonomous, that is a value increase in the fleet.
-----
4. [Sentence #54] [PLAN]
     So, energy storage also saw record growth and that is continuing to accelerate.
     That's always worth remembering that the three pillars of a sustainable energy future are obviously electric vehicles, solar and wind, and then the third key item is stationary storage to store the energy from solar and wind because obviously, the sun doesn't shine all the time and the wind doesn't blow all the time.
     So you have those three things, you can convert all of it to a fully sustainable situation many times over, actually.
     So, I would like to just make it clear that there is a path to a fully sustainable future for humanity, and our goal at Tesla is to accelerate progress on that path as much as humanly possible.
     So yeah, so we were obviously ramping up Megapack production.
     And we expect it to grow at a rate quite a bit faster than our - the goal output.
     So in conclusion, we are taking a view that we want to keep making and selling as many cars as we can.
>>> We believe we can keep pushing for strong volume growth while retaining the industry's best operating margins.
     As we mentioned many times before, we want to be the best manufacturer.
     But really, manufacturing technology will be our most important long-term strength.
     And we'll talk more about our upcoming plans at the March 1st Investor Day.
     And lastly, I want to once again thank all of our employees for delivering another record-breaking year.
     Congratulations, guys.
     Martin Viecha

Thanks, Elon.
     And I think Zach has some opening remarks as well.
-----

Total context windows: 4
