[Year Q4] Between 2023 and 2024, did Tesla meet its guidance for year-over-year revenue growth and operating leverage improvement?

1. [Sentence #790, TSLA_Q4_2024] [PLAN]
     Therefore, while we manage them to be positive on a GAAP basis, we do not expect similar margins as the rest of the business.
     There's a lot of uncertainty around tariffs.
     Over the years, we've tried to localize our supply chain in every market, but we are still very reliant on parts from across the world for all our businesses.
     Therefore, the imposition of tariffs, which is very likely, will have an impact on our business and profitability.
     Our operating expenses grew both year over year and sequentially.
     The biggest driver of the increase was R&D as we continue to invest in AI-related initiatives.
     The remaining increase came from growth in our sales capabilities and marketing efforts from referral program.
>>> For 2025, we expect operating expenses to increase to support our growth initiatives.
     It is important to point out that the net income in Q4 was impacted by a $600 million mark-to-market benefit from Bitcoin due to the adoption of a new accounting standard for digital assets, whereby we will change -- we will take mark-to-market adjustments through other income every reporting period going forward.
     Our free cash flow for the quarter was $2 billion, and despite capex increase of over $2.4 billion in 2024, we were able to generate free cash flow of $3.6 billion for the year.
     Capex efficiency is something we are extremely focused on.
     While we have invested in AI-related initiatives, we have done so in a very targeted manner to utilize the spend to get immediate benefits.
     The build-out of Cortex was accelerated because of the role -- actually to accelerate the rollout of FSD Version 13.
     Accumulated AI-related capex, including infrastructure, so far has been approximately $5 billion.
     And for 2025, we expect our capex to be flat on a year-over-year basis.
-----
2. [Sentence #902, TSLA_Q4_2024] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     So, we just closed out the Semi factory roof of walls last week in Reno, a schedule, which is great with the weather.
     In Reno, you never know what's going to happen.
     But we're prepping for mechanical installation of all the equipment in the coming months.
     The first builds of the high volumes in design come late this year in 2025 and begin ramping early in 2026.
     But as we've said before, the Semi is a TCO, no-brainer.
     I think it's really similar to Optimus.
     It's going to be set by how much people pay and it has the total cost of ownership, it's much, much cheaper than any other transportation you could have.
>>> So, at that point, when we're at scale, it will meaningfully contribute to Tesla's revenue.
     Might be difficult to say how much.
     you want to add.
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

No.
     I mean, I do think that Tesla Semi, again with autonomy, is going to be incredibly valuable.
     That we actually have a shortage of truck drivers in America, that's one of the limiting factors on transport.
     And people are human so they get tired and sometimes there's -- I have a lot of respect for truck drivers because it's a tough job.
     But because it's a tough job, there's not that many people that want to do it.
-----
3. [Sentence #38, TSLA_Q4_2023] [PLAN]
     So tremendous year-over-year growth, triple-digits.
     And yeah, I think we'll continue to see very strong growth in storage, as predicted.
     I said for many years that the storage business would grow much faster than the car business, and it is doing that.
     Free cash flow remains strong at $4.4 billion in 2023, in spite of record spending on future projects.
     So we had record CapEx expenses as well as record R&D.
     This brings us to 2024.
     There's a lot to look forward to in 2024.
>>> Tesla is currently between two major growth waves.
     We're focused on making sure that our next growth wave, driven by next-gen vehicle, energy storage, full self-driving, other projects, is executed as well as possible.
     For full self-driving, we've released Version 12, which is a complete architectural rewrite compared to prior versions.
     This is end-to-end artificial intelligence.
     So another bit nets basically photons in and controls out, and it really is quite a profound difference.
     This is currently just with employees and a few customers, but we will be rolling out to all customers in the U.S. who request full self-driving in the weeks to come.
     That's over 400,000 vehicles in North America.
     So this is the first-time AI is being used, not just for object perception, but for path planning and vehicle controls.
-----
4. [Sentence #744, TSLA_Q4_2024] [UNCERTAIN]
     Maybe it's at least double.
     This will drive the demand of stationary battery packs and especially the grid-scale ones to and saying basically as much demand as we can possibly make.
     So, we have our second factory, which is in Shanghai, that's starting operation, and we're building a third factory.
     So, we're trying to ramp output of the stationary battery storage as quickly as possible.
     Now there is a challenge here where we have to be careful to -- that were not robbing from 1 pocket to take to another pocket because for a given gigawatt hours per year of the cell output, does it go into stationary applications or mobile applications?
     It can't go both into both so we have to make that trade-off, yes.
     But overall, the demand for total gigawatt hours of batteries, whether mobile or stationary, that will grow in a very, very big way over time.
>>> So, in conclusion, 2025 really is a pivotal year for Tesla.
     And when we look back on 2025 and the launch of unsupervised full self-driving, true real-world AI that actually works, I think we may regard it as the biggest year in Tesla history, maybe even bigger than Atlas car, or the Model S or the Model 3 or Model Y.
     In fact, I think it probably will be viewed '25 as maybe the most important year in Tesla's history.
     There is no company in the world that is as good in real-world AI as Tesla.
     I don't even know who's in second place.
     Like you say, like, who's in the second place for real-world AI?
     I would need a very big telescope to see them.
     That's how far behind they are.
-----
5. [Sentence #12, TSLA_Q4_2023] [PLAN]
     These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today.
     Actual events or results could differ materially due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those mentioned in our most recent filings with the SEC.
     During the question-and-answer portion of today's call, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
     Please use the raise hand button to join the question queue.
     But before we jump into Q&A, Elon has some opening remarks.
     Elon?
     Elon Musk

Thank you.
>>> So the Tesla team did an incredible job in 2023.
     We achieved record production and deliveries of over 1.8 million vehicles in line with our official guidance.
     And in Q4, we were producing vehicles at an annualized run rate of almost 2 million cars a year.
     This is really a phenomenal achievement.
     Looking at just the Fremont factory alone, we made 560,000 cars.
     This is a record.
     In fact, it's the highest output of automotive plants in North America.
     And people are often surprised that the highest output factory, car factory in North America is in the San Francisco Bay area.
-----
6. [Sentence #798, TSLA_Q4_2024] [PLAN]
     It is important to point out that the net income in Q4 was impacted by a $600 million mark-to-market benefit from Bitcoin due to the adoption of a new accounting standard for digital assets, whereby we will change -- we will take mark-to-market adjustments through other income every reporting period going forward.
     Our free cash flow for the quarter was $2 billion, and despite capex increase of over $2.4 billion in 2024, we were able to generate free cash flow of $3.6 billion for the year.
     Capex efficiency is something we are extremely focused on.
     While we have invested in AI-related initiatives, we have done so in a very targeted manner to utilize the spend to get immediate benefits.
     The build-out of Cortex was accelerated because of the role -- actually to accelerate the rollout of FSD Version 13.
     Accumulated AI-related capex, including infrastructure, so far has been approximately $5 billion.
     And for 2025, we expect our capex to be flat on a year-over-year basis.
>>> In conclusion, like Elon said, 2025 is going to be a pivotal year for Tesla.
     There are a lot of investments which we have made and will continue to make in this coming year, which will set the pace for the next phase of growth.
     And it is something which now I'm getting out on the floor, it is going to be out of this world.
     And we just are putting right foundation.
     And that's all I have.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much, Vaibhav.
     Now, we will move over to investor questions and we'll start with say.com.
-----
7. [Sentence #927, TSLA_Q4_2024] [PLAN]
     That's $1 billion a month at some point probably.
     But all this is going to pale in comparison to Optimus.
     So, yes, $1 billion a month is a lot but it's not it's going to be like 1% of Optimus.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much.
     We already covered the next question in opening remarks, so moving on.
     Is it expected that Tesla that will need to upgrade Hardware 3 vehicles?
>>> And if so, what is the timeline and expected impact to Tesla's capex?
     I think they're referring to cost there.
     Lars Moravy -- Vice President, Vehicle Engineering

They're really asking the tough questions, aren't they?
     Vaibhav Taneja -- Chief Financial Officer

I guess we haven't started working on Hardware 3 yet.
     We are still making software releases.
     We released the 12.6 release recently, which was like a baby V13, but it's a significant improvement compared to what they had previously.
     People are still finding ways to distill larger models in the smaller models.
     So, we're not giving up on Hardware.
-----
8. [Sentence #445, TSLA_Q4_2023] [UNCERTAIN]
     Elon Musk

Same thing with Battery Day.
     So we have to be a little cautious about revealing the exact recipe of the secret sauce.
     But I think some kind of update would be good to do.
     I'll talk it over with the team, and yeah, I think we might do something later this year.
     Our main goal with these AI Day things is recruiting and to sort of change the perception of Tesla as people thinking of Tesla as a car company when they should be thinking of Tesla as an AI robotics company.
     Adam Jonas

Maybe as a follow-up.
     Elon, I'd love your thoughts on the topic of China-based OEMs expanding into Western markets.
>>> As the China market kind of gets saturated and there's a tremendous growth in the supply, how much success should Tesla investors allow for this competition to achieve in Western markets?
     And can you envision a scenario where Tesla could partner with a Chinese OEM to help accelerate sustainable transport in markets like Europe and the United States?
     Thanks.
     Elon Musk

Well, our observation is generally that the Chinese car companies are the most competitive car companies in the world.
     So I think they will have significant success outside of China depending on what kind of tariffs or trade barriers are established.
     Frankly, I think if there are not trade barriers established, they will pretty much demolish most other car companies in the world.
     So they're extremely good.
     We don't see an obvious opportunity to partner.
-----
9. [Sentence #100, TSLA_Q4_2023] [PLAN]
     This concept is mostly overlooked for just the upfront cost.
     We will be rigorous in evaluating our campaigns, curating the content, and optimizing spend accordingly to support the overall demand.
     There are two additional things I would like to mention as it relates to the US market.
     First, for customers who qualify for the IRA buyer credit, we now offer that as a point-of-sale benefit for Model Y, which means an immediate reduction of $7,500 at the time of purchase to the end customer.
     Secondly, we continue to offer very attractive lease rates for Model 3 and Y using our Partner Leasing Program.
     Note that the sales under this program are recognized as upfront revenue and reported within automotive sales.
     Our energy storage business had another record year with deployments more than doubling and revenues increasing by more than 50%.
>>> This business is poised to again surpass our auto business in terms of growth rate in 2024.
     This has been in the works for quite some time with us laying the foundation a few years back by building our Megafactory in Lathrop.
     I would like to thank the whole Tesla Energy team for their efforts to make this a reality.
     Our services and others business also started contributing meaningfully to our results and our fleets -- as our fleet grows.
     As we expected the fleet-based revenues from supercharging, used cars, and services continue to increase.
     For 2024, our focus is to continue growing our output, continuing our cost reduction efforts, and increasing investments in our future growth initiatives.
     Accordingly, we are currently expecting our capital expenditure for 2024 to be in excess of $10 billion.
     We believe this would be critical in helping us lay the foundation for the next phase of growth.
-----
10. [Sentence #991, TSLA_Q4_2024] [PLAN]
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

All right.
     With that, we will move over to analyst questions.
     [Operator instructions] And the first question will be coming from Daniel Roeska from Bernstein.
     Daniel, please go ahead and unmute yourself.
     Daniel Roeska -- Analyst

Hey, good evening, everybody.
     It's Daniel from Bernstein.
     Elon, Tesla's share price clearly already includes quite a few of the anticipated benefits you talked about today, yet realizing what you call kind of difficult but achievable will take some time.
>>> What are you pushing the Tesla executive team to do differently now to accelerate the innovation in order to realize the value you described for the company?
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

Well, I mean, we're, I think, working on perfecting real-world AI and making rapid progress week over week, if not month -- certainly month over month.
     It's often week over week.
     I spent a lot of time with the Tesla AI team and the Tesla Optimus team.
     I mean, I go where the problem is essentially.
     If something, this is unfortunate.
     Sometimes I don't talk to Tesla executive team and like, hey, we don't see you very often.
     That's because your stuff is working awesome.
-----

Total context windows: 10
