[TSLA_Q4_2024] Between 2023 and 2024, did Tesla meet its guidance for year-over-year revenue growth and operating leverage improvement?

1. [Sentence #200] [PLAN]
     Therefore, while we manage them to be positive on a GAAP basis, we do not expect similar margins as the rest of the business.
     There's a lot of uncertainty around tariffs.
     Over the years, we've tried to localize our supply chain in every market, but we are still very reliant on parts from across the world for all our businesses.
     Therefore, the imposition of tariffs, which is very likely, will have an impact on our business and profitability.
     Our operating expenses grew both year over year and sequentially.
     The biggest driver of the increase was R&D as we continue to invest in AI-related initiatives.
     The remaining increase came from growth in our sales capabilities and marketing efforts from referral program.
>>> For 2025, we expect operating expenses to increase to support our growth initiatives.
     It is important to point out that the net income in Q4 was impacted by a $600 million mark-to-market benefit from Bitcoin due to the adoption of a new accounting standard for digital assets, whereby we will change -- we will take mark-to-market adjustments through other income every reporting period going forward.
     Our free cash flow for the quarter was $2 billion, and despite capex increase of over $2.4 billion in 2024, we were able to generate free cash flow of $3.6 billion for the year.
     Capex efficiency is something we are extremely focused on.
     While we have invested in AI-related initiatives, we have done so in a very targeted manner to utilize the spend to get immediate benefits.
     The build-out of Cortex was accelerated because of the role -- actually to accelerate the rollout of FSD Version 13.
     Accumulated AI-related capex, including infrastructure, so far has been approximately $5 billion.
     And for 2025, we expect our capex to be flat on a year-over-year basis.
-----
2. [Sentence #312] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     So, we just closed out the Semi factory roof of walls last week in Reno, a schedule, which is great with the weather.
     In Reno, you never know what's going to happen.
     But we're prepping for mechanical installation of all the equipment in the coming months.
     The first builds of the high volumes in design come late this year in 2025 and begin ramping early in 2026.
     But as we've said before, the Semi is a TCO, no-brainer.
     I think it's really similar to Optimus.
     It's going to be set by how much people pay and it has the total cost of ownership, it's much, much cheaper than any other transportation you could have.
>>> So, at that point, when we're at scale, it will meaningfully contribute to Tesla's revenue.
     Might be difficult to say how much.
     you want to add.
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

No.
     I mean, I do think that Tesla Semi, again with autonomy, is going to be incredibly valuable.
     That we actually have a shortage of truck drivers in America, that's one of the limiting factors on transport.
     And people are human so they get tired and sometimes there's -- I have a lot of respect for truck drivers because it's a tough job.
     But because it's a tough job, there's not that many people that want to do it.
-----
3. [Sentence #154] [UNCERTAIN]
     Maybe it's at least double.
     This will drive the demand of stationary battery packs and especially the grid-scale ones to and saying basically as much demand as we can possibly make.
     So, we have our second factory, which is in Shanghai, that's starting operation, and we're building a third factory.
     So, we're trying to ramp output of the stationary battery storage as quickly as possible.
     Now there is a challenge here where we have to be careful to -- that were not robbing from 1 pocket to take to another pocket because for a given gigawatt hours per year of the cell output, does it go into stationary applications or mobile applications?
     It can't go both into both so we have to make that trade-off, yes.
     But overall, the demand for total gigawatt hours of batteries, whether mobile or stationary, that will grow in a very, very big way over time.
>>> So, in conclusion, 2025 really is a pivotal year for Tesla.
     And when we look back on 2025 and the launch of unsupervised full self-driving, true real-world AI that actually works, I think we may regard it as the biggest year in Tesla history, maybe even bigger than Atlas car, or the Model S or the Model 3 or Model Y.
     In fact, I think it probably will be viewed '25 as maybe the most important year in Tesla's history.
     There is no company in the world that is as good in real-world AI as Tesla.
     I don't even know who's in second place.
     Like you say, like, who's in the second place for real-world AI?
     I would need a very big telescope to see them.
     That's how far behind they are.
-----
4. [Sentence #208] [PLAN]
     It is important to point out that the net income in Q4 was impacted by a $600 million mark-to-market benefit from Bitcoin due to the adoption of a new accounting standard for digital assets, whereby we will change -- we will take mark-to-market adjustments through other income every reporting period going forward.
     Our free cash flow for the quarter was $2 billion, and despite capex increase of over $2.4 billion in 2024, we were able to generate free cash flow of $3.6 billion for the year.
     Capex efficiency is something we are extremely focused on.
     While we have invested in AI-related initiatives, we have done so in a very targeted manner to utilize the spend to get immediate benefits.
     The build-out of Cortex was accelerated because of the role -- actually to accelerate the rollout of FSD Version 13.
     Accumulated AI-related capex, including infrastructure, so far has been approximately $5 billion.
     And for 2025, we expect our capex to be flat on a year-over-year basis.
>>> In conclusion, like Elon said, 2025 is going to be a pivotal year for Tesla.
     There are a lot of investments which we have made and will continue to make in this coming year, which will set the pace for the next phase of growth.
     And it is something which now I'm getting out on the floor, it is going to be out of this world.
     And we just are putting right foundation.
     And that's all I have.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much, Vaibhav.
     Now, we will move over to investor questions and we'll start with say.com.
-----
5. [Sentence #337] [PLAN]
     That's $1 billion a month at some point probably.
     But all this is going to pale in comparison to Optimus.
     So, yes, $1 billion a month is a lot but it's not it's going to be like 1% of Optimus.
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

Great.
     Thank you very much.
     We already covered the next question in opening remarks, so moving on.
     Is it expected that Tesla that will need to upgrade Hardware 3 vehicles?
>>> And if so, what is the timeline and expected impact to Tesla's capex?
     I think they're referring to cost there.
     Lars Moravy -- Vice President, Vehicle Engineering

They're really asking the tough questions, aren't they?
     Vaibhav Taneja -- Chief Financial Officer

I guess we haven't started working on Hardware 3 yet.
     We are still making software releases.
     We released the 12.6 release recently, which was like a baby V13, but it's a significant improvement compared to what they had previously.
     People are still finding ways to distill larger models in the smaller models.
     So, we're not giving up on Hardware.
-----
6. [Sentence #401] [PLAN]
     Travis Axelrod -- Head of Investor Relations

All right.
     With that, we will move over to analyst questions.
     [Operator instructions] And the first question will be coming from Daniel Roeska from Bernstein.
     Daniel, please go ahead and unmute yourself.
     Daniel Roeska -- Analyst

Hey, good evening, everybody.
     It's Daniel from Bernstein.
     Elon, Tesla's share price clearly already includes quite a few of the anticipated benefits you talked about today, yet realizing what you call kind of difficult but achievable will take some time.
>>> What are you pushing the Tesla executive team to do differently now to accelerate the innovation in order to realize the value you described for the company?
     Elon Reeve Musk -- Chief Executive Officer and Product Architect

Well, I mean, we're, I think, working on perfecting real-world AI and making rapid progress week over week, if not month -- certainly month over month.
     It's often week over week.
     I spent a lot of time with the Tesla AI team and the Tesla Optimus team.
     I mean, I go where the problem is essentially.
     If something, this is unfortunate.
     Sometimes I don't talk to Tesla executive team and like, hey, we don't see you very often.
     That's because your stuff is working awesome.
-----

Total context windows: 6
