[TSLA_Q4_2023] tesla cost of cybertruck from 2021-2023

1. [Sentence #465] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     Dan Levy

Hi.
     Good evening.
     Thank you for taking the questions.
     First, I'm wondering if you can just walk through some of the gating factors required to unlock your next-gen platform.
     You talked about a number of cost initiatives back at the Investor Day a year ago, things in manufacturing and powertrain.
     Maybe you can just give us a sense of where these initiatives stand.
     And do you believe -- we know that there's a number of new features and technologies in Cybertruck, things like 48 volts architecture, really employing your 4680 batteries.
>>> To what extent do you think Cybertruck is really a proving ground for the next-gen platform and is really going to be a gating factor to unlocking the cost reductions needed for the next-gen platform?
     Lars Moravy

Yeah, I don't think that anything on Cybertruck should be considered gating for the next-gen platform.
     We're obviously doing a lot of manufacturing innovation, as Elon said, for a next-generation vehicle.
     When you do something at that scale, you have to prove it out.
     You don't just throw it on the line and just build it.
     So we're going through those validation phases for all those new manufacturing technologies now.
     Sure, 48 volts was definitely something we wanted to carry forward, and it's something we hope the industry adopts as well.
     We're also open to partnering.
-----
2. [Sentence #84] [UNCERTAIN]
     This was achieved despite 2023 being a challenging year in terms of higher interest rates and higher inflation.
     Big thanks to our customer for being with us through this challenging period.
     I would also like to thank the whole Tesla team for their resolve and dedication throughout.
     In terms of 2023 financials, we ended the year with over $96 billion of revenue and generated $4.4 billion of free cash flow to end the year with over $29 billion of cash and investments on hand.
     Our 2023 GAAP net income was impacted by the recognition of one-time non-cash benefit of $5.9 billion from the release of valuation allowance on certain deferred tax assets.
     This was due to our recent history of sustained profitability and is similar to several other companies who have recently gone through a similar change in their account.
     Accordingly, starting with Q1, our book tax rate will now be more in line with other companies in the S&P 500.
>>> In our vehicle business, we continue to see improvements in our per unit cost despite us being in the early phase of Cybertruck ramp.
     As a result, our auto gross margin improved sequentially.
     That said, predicting auto gross margins is extremely challenging since there are many moving parts to this equation, some of which are out of our control like the change in tariffs or local incentives to name a few.
     While the teams are focused on cost reductions, we are approaching the limits within our current platforms.
     On the demand front, as promised, we made investments in digital campaigns in 2023.
     We fully appreciate the importance of customer education as we are still in a customer acquisition phase.
     Our data suggests that around 90% of our vehicle buyers in 2023 never owned a Tesla before.
     We are being creative in figuring out ways to bring in new customers and educate them about the benefits of owning a Tesla versus gas-powered vehicles.
-----
3. [Sentence #293] [UNCERTAIN]
     And also, we have new orders come in after the launch.
     The auto numbers keep growing.
     So we're now all hands on deck, focused on ramping so we can fulfill all the demands in a reduced wait time.
     Elon Musk

Yeah.
     It's important to emphasize that this is very much a production-constrained situation, not a demand-constrained situation.
     And obviously, we could dramatically raise the price, but that doesn't feel right to us to sort of gouge people for early delivery.
     So -- but really, the demand is off the hook.
>>> As long as the price is affordable, I mean, I see us ultimately delivering on the order of 0.25 million, something like 0.25 million Cybertrucks a year in North America, maybe more.
     But give or take roughly on that time frame, and it sure is a head-turner.
     Vaibhav Taneja

Definitely is.
     Anywhere you go, people look at you, they give you thumbs up.
     Elon Musk

Yeah.
     It's like finally, the future.
     Looks like the future.
     It's just -- for the other trucks on the road there, which -- there's some very good trucks on the road, but if you were to switch out the brand name, you wouldn't hardly know which company made them, but you definitely would know the Cybertruck.
-----
4. [Sentence #363] [PLAN]
     Like I said, it's a game of pennies.
     We've talked about it before as well.
     And the team is constantly going and checking, where can we reduce the cost further.
     And do I believe that we will have the same pace which you've seen over the past few years?
     Probably not, because remember, we were coming out with a period wherein commodity prices were rising, so then we did see benefits coming from that.
     So those are more or less taken care of.
     But there is more which we're still chasing.
>>> And I would say a big kudos goes to the team out here at Tesla, both the engineering team as well as the supply chain team, because every time we give them a challenge, they go gangbusters to try and figure out whatever they can to take out further cost.
     But yes, I would -- like I said, I would want to caution that do not project the previous cost reduction at the same pace completely in the future, because with our current platform, we are getting to a place wherein there are limitations.
     Karn Budhiraj

Yeah.
     The increased scale also sort of helps us there.
     As we introduce new products, we have the opportunity to go renegotiate existing suppliers for better pricing.
     We're looking at every penny, like Vaibhav and Elon mentioned.
     Just to give you an example, our inbound logistics cost has come down by 22% year-over-year.
     And this is because of optimization on using returnable packaging as opposed to cardboard, which is even better for the environment, optimizing trucking routes, negotiating better pricing with shipping companies, with trucking companies, going with full truckloads and just doing that, sort of.
-----

Total context windows: 4
