[Year 2022] tell me about tesla cybertruck deliverys in 2021-2022

1. [Sentence #1773, TSLA_Q4_2022] [PLAN]
     But we are attacking every other area of cost and unwinding cost increases created for multiple years of COVID-related instability.
     This includes logistics, expedites, accumulation of material buffers, part premiums, productivity and overheads as an example.
     As the world transitions from an inflationary to deflationary environment, we expect a strong partnership with our suppliers on this journey as well.
     In that, we've priced our products with a view towards a longer-term cost structure.
     Thus, there will be an impact on operating margin in the near term.
     However, we believe our margins will remain healthy and industry-leading over the course of the year.
     Third, we are continuing to ensure funding is prioritized for our long-term road map.
>>> This includes expanding in-house cell production, bringing Cybertruck to market, development of our next-generation vehicle platform, expansion of our manufacturing footprint and growth of the energy business.
     We're looking forward to discussing these plans in more detail on our Investor Day in a month.
     Thank you.
     Question-and-Answer Session

A - Martin Viecha

Thank you very much, Zach.
     Let's now go to investor questions.
     The first question is, some analysts are claiming that Tesla orders, net of cancellations, came in at a rate less than half of production in the fourth quarter.
     This has raised demand concerns.
     Can you elaborate on order trends so far this year and how they compare to current production rates?
-----
2. [Sentence #1291, TSLA_Q3_2022] [PLAN]
     Even if production did go down for a period of time, this is on near term, it doesn’t have any impact on the long term of the Company.
     Elon Musk

But we don’t -- we have no indication whatsoever that we will have to cut our production in Germany.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

No.
     And we put in place backup plans, and we’re working through the supply chain as well.
     Nearly all of our suppliers are prepared as well.
     So, we’ll see how this plays out, but it’s not something that we’re terribly worried about.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
>>> And the next question is, “How is production planning going for the Cybertruck?
     What is the initial Phase 1 production target?
     When can we expect an update on pricing and final design?”

Unidentified Company Representative

I mean, as Elon said earlier, we’d be -- facilities preparations here in Giga Texas for Cybertruck.
     We’re still on track to enter early production in the middle of next year.
     We started our data builds of all of the battery body in existing...

Elon Musk

When should I drop my beta?
     Unidentified Company Representative

In a few weeks.
     That’s going well, and we continue ramping up through the end of next year and into 2023.
     Elon Musk

Great.
-----
3. [Sentence #1865, TSLA_Q4_2022] [PLAN]
     Focus areas are dialing in and improving the quality of the high-volume supply mechanical parts and driving factory process yields up as much as possible.
     Between two of those things, if we had achieved those key goals, we'll be well set up to -- for a major 4680 year in 2024.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you.
     Next investor question is Elon said previously that FSD Hardware 4 will most likely come first in Cybertruck.
     Is that still the current plan?
     Do you expect there to be an upgrade path for Hardware 3 cars to Hardware 4?
     Elon Musk

Yes, Cybertruck will have Hardware 4.
>>> And to be clear, for 2023, Cybertruck will not be a significant contributor to the bottom line but it will be into next year.
     So it's an incredible product.
     I can't wait to drive it personally.
     It will be the car that I drive every day.
     I actually just I'm wearing the T-shirt with this matched glass.
     And it's just one of those products that only comes along once in a while, and it's really special.
     So yeah, so with respect to upgrading cars on Hardware 3, I don't think that will be needed.
     Hardware 3 will not be as good as Hardware 4, but I'm confident that Hardware 3 will so far exceed the average -- the safety of the average human.
-----
4. [Sentence #849, TSLA_Q2_2022] [UNCERTAIN]
     It ticked up in Q1 and then it ticked up again at the rate of increase was more in Q2.
     So as we look through to the end of the year, what we’re seeing is we don’t think the inflation-related increases in Q3 will be as big as Q2.
     But as Elon had mentioned, there is uncertainty on pricing here.
     And we don’t have full exposure, as Karan had just mentioned, on every component of cost because we do have some contracts in place.
     But there are some spot buys as well and some contracts being renegotiated.
     So we’re managing it with pricing and in partnership with our suppliers but it does continue to be something that is impacting our financials.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
>>> And the last question is, when will the Cybertruck be officially available?
     Elon Musk

We’re hoping to start delivering them in the middle of next year.
     Martin Viecha

Great.
     Thank you very much.
     And now let’s go to analyst questions.
     The first question comes from Pierre Ferragu from New Street Research.
     Pierre, feel free to unmute yourself.
     Pierre Ferragu

Hi, guys.
-----

Total context windows: 4
