[TSLA_Q2_2022] Did Tesla maintain positive free cash flow and GAAP profitability from 2022 through 2024, as it promised after its first full profitable year?

1. [Sentence #505] [NO EVIDENCE]
     So, it’s – manage price, frankly.
     But we have so much excess demand.
     That is really just not an issue for us.
     It might be an issue for some other companies but it is not an issue for us.
     Toni Sacconaghi

Okay.
     Thank you.
     Elon, I am just wondering, a question for you.
>>> Tesla has obviously changed dramatically in the last 3 years from near life or death to a company with consistent cash flow and industry-leading margins.
     I am wondering if you can comment on your personal role in the company and whether you see that changing in terms of your role, your commitment and time spent at the company over the next 3 years or 4 years.
     I think you said a few calls ago, you wouldn’t be on calls unless there is something unusual and you have been on every call since then.
     I am wondering how...

Elon Musk

I do a lot of unusual things, let’s face it.
     Basically, if there is only good news, I won’t be on the call.
     But if you have like a tough situation like COVID shutdowns in China, then I think I will be on the call – relatively speaking, if there is bad news.
     And we have this good news, then I won’t be on the call.
     But I am committed to the long – I mean I will work at Tesla as long as I can usefully advance the cause of sustainability and autonomy.
-----
2. [Sentence #96] [PLAN]
     We are certainly open to increasing our Bitcoin holdings in future.
     So this should not be taken as some verdict on Bitcoin.
     It’s just that we were concerned about overall liquidity for the company given COVID shutdowns in China.
     And we have not sold any of our Dogecoin.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

We still have it.
     Elon Musk

We still have our Dogecoin.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Despite these challenges, we were still able to achieve one of our strongest operating margins at 14.6%.
>>> Our free cash flows were impacted by working capital related to the Shanghai factory shutdown.
     However, we expect this will show as a benefit in Q3 as our working capital-related cash flows restabilize.
     As we look ahead and as Elon mentioned, we are positioned for a record-breaking second half of the year.
     We are quite excited about this.
     A couple of things to keep in mind as we progress, Austin and Berlin ramp inefficiencies will continue to weigh on our margins for the balance of the year.
     However, the impact should reduce as we increase ramp.
     Second, as we’ve mentioned before, we expect to continue to see recognized global pricing to increase as our backlog flows through.
     However, macroeconomic-related cost increases will also continue to be part of our story.
-----

Total context windows: 2
