[TSLA_Q2_2021] How did Tesla's strategy for Cybertruck development evolve between its 2019 unveiling and its production start in 2023–2024?

1. [Sentence #76] [SCALE ACHIEVED]
     Then, we are trying to get [Audio Gap] in the cars slowly for the past few months.
     But we are just stacking them up in the yard and just making refinements to the cars that we have built.
     But we do expect to ramp Model S production and start delivering them probably next month.
     So -- and then to be in sort of fairly high-volume production for the S in Q3 and to start delivering the Model X in Q3 as well.
     So I think as we ramp up, I think, probably the demand for the new S/X will be quite high.
     So surely, it’s going to be a question of ramping supply chain and internal production processes.
     So probably, we are -- like we are going to aim to produce over 2,000 S/X per week, perhaps, if we get lucky, upwards of 2,400 or 2,500.
     This again is contingent on global supply chain issues, which just a lot of factors outside of our control here.
     But I do think we -- this will get solve, it’s just a matter of time, and then we will be doing well over 2,000 S/X per week.
     It actually costs us less to produce, a little bit less to produce.
     But it is a superior product.
     So in conclusion, there’s a lot to be excited about in 2021 and 2022.
     We are building factories as quickly as we can.
     Both Texas and Berlin are progressing well and we expect to have initial limited production from those factories this year and volume production from Texas and Berlin next year.
     And at this time, we will continue to ramp production of Model Y in three months in Shanghai.
>>> In the background, we are continuing work -- development work on the Semi, Cybertruck, on the Roadster and other products.
     Thanks to everyone at Tesla who have made this year a huge success.
     Now on to questions.
     Martin Viecha

Thank you very much.
     We have some remarks from Zachary Kirkhorn as well.
     Elon Musk

Okay.
     Zachary Kirkhorn

Yeah.
     Thanks, Martin.
     Thanks, Elon.
     So congratulations to the Tesla team on breaking multiple records in the first quarter of 2021, as Elon had mentioned, which is typically the most difficult of the year for many reasons.
     To summarize the quarter, I think, it’s best understood by three key items.
     First, we successfully launched and began the ramp of Model Y in Shanghai, achieving positive gross margin in the first quarter of production and receiving a great reception from the market.
     Second, as Elon mentioned, although we began the production process for the Model S during the quarter, we had not yet begun customer deliveries.
     The reduction in Model S and X deliveries from Q4 to Q1 were a meaningful headwind to free cash flows and profit generation.
     For example, we incurred an estimated $200 million of direct P&L impact relating to this program in Q1, the majority of which is reflected in COGS and that’s before even considering the impact of lost revenue and profits as a result of the transition.
     And as Elon mentioned, we expect the first deliveries to begin shortly.
-----

Total context windows: 1
