[TSLA_Q4_2024] Did Tesla maintain positive free cash flow and GAAP profitability from 2022 through 2024, as it promised after its first full profitable year?

1. [Sentence #202] [PLAN]
     Over the years, we've tried to localize our supply chain in every market, but we are still very reliant on parts from across the world for all our businesses.
     Therefore, the imposition of tariffs, which is very likely, will have an impact on our business and profitability.
     Our operating expenses grew both year over year and sequentially.
     The biggest driver of the increase was R&D as we continue to invest in AI-related initiatives.
     The remaining increase came from growth in our sales capabilities and marketing efforts from referral program.
     For 2025, we expect operating expenses to increase to support our growth initiatives.
     It is important to point out that the net income in Q4 was impacted by a $600 million mark-to-market benefit from Bitcoin due to the adoption of a new accounting standard for digital assets, whereby we will change -- we will take mark-to-market adjustments through other income every reporting period going forward.
>>> Our free cash flow for the quarter was $2 billion, and despite capex increase of over $2.4 billion in 2024, we were able to generate free cash flow of $3.6 billion for the year.
     Capex efficiency is something we are extremely focused on.
     While we have invested in AI-related initiatives, we have done so in a very targeted manner to utilize the spend to get immediate benefits.
     The build-out of Cortex was accelerated because of the role -- actually to accelerate the rollout of FSD Version 13.
     Accumulated AI-related capex, including infrastructure, so far has been approximately $5 billion.
     And for 2025, we expect our capex to be flat on a year-over-year basis.
     In conclusion, like Elon said, 2025 is going to be a pivotal year for Tesla.
     There are a lot of investments which we have made and will continue to make in this coming year, which will set the pace for the next phase of growth.
-----

Total context windows: 1
